Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 1 – Crossed Over
“Young master. Young master. It’s time to get up for breakfast.”
An aged but very stern voice rang next to Zhao Hai’s ears. He paid it no mind. He only felt that his head was hurting incredibly. He assumed that he didn’t turn off his computer and a drama within was having its lines voiced.
But then the voice continued, “Young master, time to wake up. As a noble, getting up in time is a good habit.”
Zhao Hai’s mind went blank for an instant, because this voice didn’t seem to have come from the computer. It was as if it came to the side of his ear very realistically. It was definitely not coming from that broken speaker box of his.
Although his head was hurting, Zhao Hai still forced his own eyes to open. What entered his eyes wasn’t his home’s white ceiling tiles, but a muslin curtain. Zhao Hai stared, and then turned his head to discover that he was lying on a large wooden bed. A 50 year old man whose grey and pale hair was combed neatly without disorder, was standing next to the bed. His expression was stern as he looked at Zhao Hai silently.
Zhao Hai looked blankly at this stern faced old man, and then adjusted his sight to look around. This was a very simple house made of stones. Other than the large bed which he was laying on, there were only a desk and a chair as furniture. The floor and walls seemed to have just been cleaned. The windows had wooden panes with a layer of white paper. Above his head was a shining stone for illumination. The whole house did not have anything else.
Now that old man spoke again, “Young master, please get up if possible if you’re fine already. As a noble, you should have a rhythmic life. Now is time for breakfast, so please wake up.”
Zhao Hai turned his eyes towards the old man, and his mind flashed a thought, ‘Crossed over!’, and he felt his brain experiencing a pang of extreme pain, then fainted in the next instant.
Greene Buda went slightly still when he saw Zhao Hai faint before hurrying outside. 4 people standing outside the house. 2 males and 2 females. The 2 males were young in age, whose looks should be around teenage years, yet their heights were just under 2 metres with bodies full of muscles like forged iron. Blackened skin and short hair, the two had identical looks. They were actually twins, but their expressions were a little dumb.
As for the two females, one had a greater age, probably more than 40 years old, bearing a plump figure. A head of blue hair and benevolent looking brows and eyes, now her expression was full of anxiousness. The younger girl was only 16 or 17 years old this day, yet her hair was long and green. Her egg shaped face and petite figure with smooth white skin made her a rare material of beauty. Now she was lowering her head with a stupefied expression.
Upon seeing Greene coming out, the older woman asked immediately, “How is it, Greene? Is young master awake?”
Greene nodded and then shook his head, “He woke up, but he fainted again after that. Was your magic ineffective, Maylin? Or was it those medicines? Someone did something with the medicines?”
Maylin spoke with a cold expression, “If so, then I’m gonna tear them apart myself. Even though young master was a bit of a bastard, he is the last bloodline of Buda family. Those empire bastards, have they forgotten how much old master did for the empire? Those ungrateful bastards.”
Greene spoke sternly, “You should go in there and look. If it doesn’t work then apply water magic treatment on young master. No matter what, we must preserve the last of Buda family bloodline.”
Maylin nodded, but then looked at Green ferociously, “If young master gets well, don’t order him around according to those nobles. We’re already here in this damn place. What noble etiquette, let ‘em all meet their makers. Seeing those ugly faces of those nobles disgusts me with sheer thought.”
Greene looked at Maylin helplessly but still spoke sternly, “No. Whatever the case, young master is still a viscount right now, so he must be like a noble. I want to educate young master into becoming a true noble, so that we may not undermine the kindness Buda family gave us.”
Maylin stared at Greene fiercely, “If you dare treat young master that way, then I’m not going to cook for you. Starve for all I care. Now we’re in this place and we don’t know how long we can last. Plus those people from the empire, you think young master will still have a chance to return to the empire? Stop dreaming.”
Greene stopped talking after letting out a bitter smile. He too knew that Maylin was telling the truth. This time they were sent here where no birds dared to lay eggs, because the king of the empire and the leading nobles willed it. If it weren’t for Buda family’s previous brilliant fighting accomplishments, then they would’ve exterminated Buda family directly.
Although Buda family was still existing right now, it’s impossible to enter the noble circles of the empire. People would even forget about the existence of such a family on purpose.
What made Maylin feel so hopeless was that the king and nobles of the empire feared Buda family would rise again. They even let the young master, Buda family’s last heir and last hope, Adam Buda, drink the Water Of Void.
This Water Of Void was a one of a kind treasure. The value of every drop could not be calculated with money, and this Water Of Void had only one use, which was to turn your power into nothing.
Water Of Void. Just a single drop would be enough to make a godlike powerful mage or fighter, or even a god class knight, become an ordinary person in an instant. From then onwards, one would never be able to utilize any kind of magic or battle aura, and no medicine could cure it.
This liquid could render a person unable to use battle aura and magic, but it would not cause other effects to the body. It would only turn you into a normal person.
If someone were a normal person, then the liquid would be no different from ordinary water. But if someone were a noble or a powerhouse, then it would turn them into a martial cripple and useless being in an instant. From the top of the clouds, to a bottomless abyss.
Adam Buda was commanded by the king to drink this liquid, making him unable to learn any kind of magic or battle aura. He would only be a normal person.
If this happened to some other noble family, then it wouldn’t be a big deal. At worst it’s just being a normal person, live out the rest of the days and don’t think about political matters.
But on Adam, it’s a fatal matter. He was Buda family’s last heir. He need power to restore the family’s glory and enter the stage of Axu Empire’s history once more, but he had to drink the Water Of Void. He would never be able to learn any magic or battle aura and would never have the power to rise the status of the family. Buda family’s last hope was extinguished.
If they simply had no power, then Greene wouldn’t fear. He was a Level 8 fighter by all counts. His wife Maylin was a level 8 water mage as well, while granddaughter Meg was also a level 6 wind mage. With them, Buda family’s power was enough. If they were at their -original- fief, then it wouldn’t be a difficult matter for Buda family to prosper again. After all, the original fief was at the south of Axu Empire, which had a main city and 4 middle sized cities. Large population and fertile lands. If they developed quietly for a few years, Buda family would prosper all the same.
But they didn’t imagine that the king would actually change their fief, from the south of the empire to the Black Wastelands at north. Black Wastelands was the continent’s famous barren ground. Although the area was very large, spanning up to ⅓ the Axu Empire’s total area, there were absolutely no plants grown here. Even desert plants would wilt if planted here.
Legends said that Black Wastelands was once a fertile land as well, and then a war took place here, and several god class mages united and casted a super large curse which turned this whole land into a barren stretch, never to be able to grow anything.
If it were just a barren land then Greene would also not be afraid. If transportation were a little easier, then they would do business. At least that would keep them alive. But Black Wastelands was originally separated by an abandoned dwarven iron mountain. Past the mountain was one of the continent’s 5 forbidden areas, Rotten Corpse Swamp, and this swamp also counted as Buda family’s fief, so actually speaking, Buda family fief area size was the largest of all of Axu Empire.
The only exit here was tightly linked with Fansile family’s fief. Although Fansile family had an engagement with Buda family, with the latter now in this state, how would the latter be able to speak of marriage with the most powerful family in the empire that was Fansile family? The barren lands here then became true to the sense of the word.
Good thing that here was also within the empire’s rule in the past, so on top of the dwarven iron mountain was a small castle. Plus the mountain wasn’t caught in the curse, so some of the soil on top of the mountain could be used for planting. They would not be killed by starvation.
After Greene knew that their fief was switched to here, he immediately turned all of Buda family’s money into slaves consumables, plus seeds and tools, and then brought the comatose Adam after the drinking of the Water Of Void all the way here, into the abandoned but still usable castle.
Together with Greene were his wife Maylin, his granddaughter Meg, and a pair of twins which were adopted by Adam’s father, Blockhead and Rockhead. Adding 100 slaves, there were no one else.
Along the way from the empire to here, Adam was in coma. Fortunately Maylin was a mage, so she could use magic to treat him from time to time, allowing him to reach here safely. When she checked his condition the day before, she thought that he would wake up this day, so Greene woke him up next to the bed. However, they would never think that the Adam laying on the bed right now was already not him. He’s just Earth’s homebody Zhao Hai wearing Adam’s skin.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 2 – Unlucky Identity
The split second Zhao Hai fainted, a chain of memories that were not his own, suddenly appeared in his mind, like a program that was not a part of your computer was suddenly installed, which almost crashed Zhao Hai’s brain in an instant. Although he didn’t crash, it was enough to stall his brain as he looked at the information inside, bit by bit.
An unknown amount of time had passed. When Zhao Hai woke up, he felt that his mind suddenly had memories that were entirely not of his own.
In the memories, his name was Adam Buda. Born in a warlord family under Axu Empire of Ark Continent. The family served Axu Empire for 3 generations with marquis rank, but it fell during Adam’s time. Adam was a playboy, and with the early deaths of his mother and his father frequently leading the troops, he was lawless to the extreme. Bullying men and forcing down on women, there was no bad deed he did not commit. But his father was a very protective person, and he controlled elite troops, so no one touched him.
But his father made a mistake. When Axu Empire’s new and previous kings switched positions, he took the wrong side. Axu Empire’s previous king was the 47th. He had a total 15 princes, 5 of which could inherit the throne, who were the eldest, the 3rd, the 4th, the 7th, and the 13th.
Axu Empire’s laws stated that only the king, queen and concubines’ born children could have the right to succeed the throne. Of course, not all of them could actually do it, as only those titled archdukes and above could qualify.
When a royal member was born, there would be a title of earl. If he didn’t achieve merits for the empire, then he would only be an earl for life, and one without fief. Only through accomplishments could they be promoted, with the highest rank being sovereign.
Of course, children of the queen and concubines would not just have a singular earl title. They would normally be titled dukes, and with just a little accomplishment, or just finding an excuse, they would be promoted to archdukes, and become sovereigns in the end. They were able to succeed the throne this way.
The 47th king of Axu’s 5 sons that could inherit the throne were all sovereigns. Among them, eldest prince and 4th prince were born from the queen, while the 3rd and 7th were born from concubine Carin. The 13th prince was born from concubine Eiwell, whose power was the weakest and not favored by others. People always believed that the eldest prince was born from the queen so he was the main heir, and the 3rd prince was always wearing the same pants with him, so many of the nobles in the empire supported the eldest prince’s succession. The 4th and 7th were together. The 7th prince had the support from the 4th, and he also had Carin family’s support, so he also had a very loud calling in the royal court. Only the 13th prince, being the youngest, was the weakest. He had the lowest profile, so no one favored him.
Adam’s father was part of the camp supporting the eldest prince, which was normal, because the eldest prince had the highest calling at the time. Buda family wasn’t a long running noble family. It only managed to reach marquis rank step by step with the help of military accomplishments from Buda family’s lord. The family wanted to make it to the long running noble families’ lineup in a hurry, so the lord chose to support the eldest prince who was most likely to become the next king at the time. Once the eldest prince became king, Buda family would have the chance to enter the center of Axu Empire’s power, becoming truly recognized nobles in the empire.
It should be noted that on Ark Continent, any king’s nobles were divided into 2 kinds. One was an old nobility, and the other was newcomer. The difference between new and old nobles was very obvious. Newer ones would commonly be regarded as noveau riches who weren’t acknowledged by older nobles, and would not be able to enter the center of the country’s power.
After so many years of development on the continent, nobles could play massive roles in a country. Sometimes, they could even decide a country’s rise or fall, especially the long running noble families which developed for more than a thousand years and for dozens of generations. They were a force which even royals feared. So it could be said that the old nobles were the core of power for the entire empire. Every newly risen nobles wanted to gain their approval.
In order to gain the approval of the old noble families, it would be natural to have respective strength. The speed of Buda family’s rise was too fast. This was Axu Empire’s previous kings’ way to balance the old noble families, but when the 46th king died, Buda family’s days became worse. The new king wanted to raise their place, but the old nobles wanted to suppress them, so they could only keep on supporting the newly crowned king in order to let their own families develop.
But Adam’s father picked the wrong side. He supported the eldest prince who had the highest calling, but did not become king in the end. The most quiet 13th prince who seemed to be the weakest of all became king instead. The eldest prince was sentenced to death, the supporting camp had negative outcomes, and Adam’s father was sent to prison after an excuse, who then died absurdly in prison. Adam’s past deeds were then exposed, but due to the presence of Maylin and others, the empire feared that its own level 8 experts would cause trouble. The newly crowned king needed to appear magnanimous to the people, so they dealt with Adam lightly. Adam’s original marquis inheritance was lowered to viscount, the family’s fief of fertile lands was switched to Black Wastelands, and Adam was made to drink the Water Of Void, becoming a complete and utter cripple.
Even when common nobles had fiefs, the lands would be given to caretakers or trusted people to manage. The fiefs were their roots, but they would stay at the imperial capital in order to notice the changes of the empire. Which changes were good for their family, and which ones were bad.
But not Adam and others. After their fief was switched, they were ordered to leave the imperial capital within 3 days and never to leave the new fief for 3 years. This never happened for all other families.
Axu Empire’s current king, former 13th prince Aboyye Axu, dealt with Buda family in such a fashion because one, Buda family was part of the eldest prince camp, and two, because of the pressure from the old noble families. He just got on the throne, so must oppress the camps of eldest prince and 7th prince, but he didn’t dare touch the old nobles. The old nobles found Buda family to be an eyesore, so they gave Aboyye pressure in order to elicit such a decision.
Adam was made to drink the Water Of Void because Buda family had a battle aura training method which was passed down from their ancestors: Mad Dragon Battle Aura. This training method was very famous in the continent, which was accidentally found by Adam’s great grandfather. His training speed was 3 times faster than normal training methods, and the attack power was very strong as well. It was a training method intensely sought after by the noble families in the empire. If they let Adam learn battle auras and ended up learning Mad Dragon Battle Aura, then he would remember what was done to him, and that would be a threat to the royal family and nobles alike, so Aboyye let Adam drink the Water Of Void.
Other than the above reasons, there was one reason why Aboyye didn’t kill Adam, which was Greene giving the training method to Aboyye. Greene even made an oath, saying that Buda family would never practice Mad Dragon Battle Aura again, so Aboyye spared Adam.
Of course, Greene didn’t offer the training method to Aboyye in public. He snuck into royal palace at night, found Aboyye, and offered it to him. Doing this was to plead mercy for Adam, and to let Aboyye know of his strength, making him dispel any thoughts of killing Adam.
Aboyye indeed feared that experts like Greene would cause him trouble, so he held Greene’s promise, and just demoted Adam’s title, switched the fief, and spared Adam’s life.
Greene also agreed. He was very clear that while his own strength wasn’t weak, the royal family’s strength was also very powerful. He managed to slip into the palace without anyone knowing because he was familiar with the circumstances of the palace, and the coronation shuffled the palace’s forces. The palace’s strength was a little weak, and Greene’s own martial arts were special, so no one discovered him.
The reason why Greene didn’t rescue Adam’s father because he thought that Aboyye wouldn’t kill him. No matter what, Adam’s father was a means for the royal family to deal with the old nobles. The royal family shouldn’t discard it so easily.
But they didn’t anticipate that Aboyye could become king was exactly because of the support of the old noble families, so when Aboyye took the throne, he naturally needed to please the old nobles by killing Adam’s father. When Greene heard the news, Adam’s father was already dead. Greene could only find a way to protect Adam, the last of Buda bloodline.
Greene would hand over the Mad Dragon Battle Aura training method, was also due to Water Of Void. The reason why Water Of Void became an peerless treasure was not only because it could let people unable to train magic and battle aura. More diabolically, the condition would last all the way to their descendants.
In other words, if you just drink the Water Of Void, your descendants will also never be able to learn magic and battle aura until after the 10th generation which the condition stops.
Whole 10 generations! What would it be if 10 generations of people could never learn magic and battle aura? It’s an unknown variable whether the family would still exist or continue for 10 generations. This was the fearsome part of the Water Of Void, and also why Greene would hand over Mad Dragon Battle Aura.
Adam and the 10 generations after him would never be able to learn Mad Dragon Battle Aura, so what was the use for keeping it? Using it to save Adam’s life was better off, so Greene did not hesitate to do so. And as facts proved, he made the most correct choice. If he didn’t hand it over, then Adam would not survive out of the imperial capital.
But no one knew if someone did something with the Water Of Void as well, or if Adam himself had a strange clash with it. Whatever the case, after he drank it, Adam fainted and he didn’t wake up during the way to the fief. When he woke up, he already went from playboy Adam, to hobo from Earth, Zhao Hai.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 3 – Woke Up
Zhao Hai opened his eyes slowly. He now knew what had happened, Adam’s memories and his own had completely merged together, which also let Zhao Hai truly comprehend that he had really traversed (across worlds), and his soul traversal was also the most common kind; Taking over.
As a homebody, if he didn’t know what ‘traversal’ was, then he could not be counted as a wholesome one. It’s just Zhao Hai really didn’t expect that he himself would be the one to have it happening to him, and he made it into this unlucky sod.
From Adam’s memories, Zhao Hai knew what was going on, but Adam fell into a coma before getting out of the empire. Zhao Hai didn’t know where he was right now, but he already knew that this was not the home that was in Axu Empire, because when he last woke up and saw the surroundings, he knew that it wasn’t Adam’s home which he was familiar with.
Once Zhao Hai opened his eyes, he saw that there was a person next to him. He turned his head and saw that the old man he saw when he first woke up was here. The old man had a serious face, but his eyes were full of concern.
Different from the first time he woke up, Zhao Hai now knew who this old man was. He was none other than Buda family’s old steward, Greene Buda. Greene’s family name wasn’t Buda to begin with, but he was granted the name by Adam’s great grandfather. He always followed the Buda family with deep loyalty, and was the most trustworthy person of the family.
However Adam didn’t get along with Greene well. Before, Adam was a playboy, while Greene was a strict person who always corrected him, told him not to do this and not to do that, so Adam hated Greene very much. But because Greene had a lot of seniority, don’t mention Adam; Even his father wouldn’t dare to be impolite to Greene, so he could only bear it.
Zhao Hai after his rebirth would naturally not be as retarded as Adam in the past. After reading countless traversal stories, having adult thoughts, and whose life was very bumpy, Zhao Hai would naturally be more knowledgeable compared to Adam who was spoiled since little. Of course, he also knew the importance of Greene to him. With an old steward like him, Zhao Hai would surely leave everything to him.
He also knew from Adam’s memories that this old steward had a greater strength than his father. In this world, strength represented the hope of living on.
Long time of hobo life and fantasies, plus Adam’s memories, made Zhao Hai have very little rejection towards traversal. Likewise, he also didn’t have too many anticipations, as it was just a change of living environments. What pissed him off were two things. First was that there were no computers here so he could not browse the internet. Making a hobo not surf the internet is more unbearable to him than killing him. Second was that he was made to drink the Water Of Void. He would never be able to learn battle aura or magics. This ruined his dream of travelling across the world.
Zhao Hai didn’t realize that he was actually equalized by Adam’s memories. He didn’t panic because he felt familiar with everything of Ark Continent. From his displeasures, it could be seen that the first one was because of Zhao Hai from Earth, the second was about Ark Continent.
But Zhao Hai then thought things clearly. Even though he was displeased, there was nothing to say. Since he came here, might as well be here. From here on he was Adam Buda.
Once his thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help himself from letting out a long breath of air, like he relaxed instantly. It was no wonder he could accept Adam’s identity, because in his previous life, he had no relatives at home. Because he kept himself at home too much, he didn’t have a lot of friends, so it could be said that he had no attachments on Earth. Now that he’s here, it’s just a change of environments. No big deal. Having a few more people who cared for him wasn’t anything bad.
Greene now noticed that Zhao Hai had awoken. He hurried to the bed and asked Zhao Hai, “Young master, how do you feel? Any discomforts? Does the head still hurt?”
Zhao Hai hadn’t heard such caring words for a very long time. Now that he heard them, a warmth filled his heart. He felt that his body wasn’t a big deal anymore. He sat up in a hurry and shook his head at Greene, “I’m fine, grandpa Greene. Where are we now?”
Greene obviously went still for an instant. Adam before now wouldn’t be so polite, and now he suddenly spoke in such a fashion? Greene couldn’t get used to that, but he immediately replied, “Young master, we’ve arrived at the fief.”
Zhao Hai took a few seconds before understanding the words. He nodded as asked, “Black Wastelands?”
Greene was surprised by how calm Zhao Hai was, but he still nodded as he replied, “Yes. This is the Black Wastelands.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Where are we now? What’s the situation here? How many people are there? How much land is there?”
In Adam’s memories, the legends about Black Wastelands were just a little. The location here was next to Rotten Corpse Swamp, the soil here couldn’t be used to grow crops, et cetera. He knew nothing else, so Zhao Hai had to ask in this fashion. Whatever the case, he was already Adam now and he had to live in Black Wastelands from this point onwards. He had to know the conditions here.
Greene looked blankly at Adam. If it weren’t for the fact that Adam was always under his eyelids, he would’ve thought that Adam was switched with another person. The Adam before him was definitely not the one he knew.
(Can it really be that hardship builds character?) Greene was confused, but he would not doubt Adam’s identity. He could only treat Adam’s current behaviour as a maturity.
But Zhao Hai’s behaviour made Greene very happy, who then spoke, “Young master, we’re in the main holding of the fief. It’s on top of Black Wastelands’ iron mountain. This iron mountain was abandoned by dwarves and some soil on top of it can be used to plant crops. And please exact my responsibilities, young master, for I arbitrarily decided to sell everything at home to buy large amounts of supplies and 100 slaves. Now we only have more than 100 gold coins, and the people who came here are just me, my wife and my granddaughter. There’s also Blockhead and Rockhead. Other than the 100 slaves, everyone else left.”
Zhao Hai nodded as his brain was processing the current situation. They were now on a barren land, but there’s a main fort here which could be used for living. There’s a mountain that could still grow some things, there were 100 slaves, and there were 5 people he could completely depend on, and were also the closest to him.
Zhao Hai nodded and spoke, “You were very right, grandpa Greene. In this kind of place, money is useless. Only supplies can let us hold out for a while longer. I have nothing right now, so you should go and make arrangements. See how many soil can be used for planting, and what are the things suitable for it. After all, we still need to eat.”
Greene nodded, “Alright. Please rest, young master. I will have Meg attend to you.”
When Greene mentioned Meg, a frail looking green haired and petite girl appeared in Zhao Hai’s mind. It was none other than Greene’s granddaughter.
But soon after that, Zhao Hai made a bitter smile, because Adam intended to molest Meg in the past, but she was a level 6 mage. Her appearance was weak but her heart was strong. Although she wouldn’t do anything to him, if Adam decided to do anything to her, then either she would commit suicide, or she would make Adam unable to do anything to her.
Once he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but curse in secret. What Adam did in the past must now be atoned by him. In this situation, it would be so awkward to look at Meg, so he immediately responded, “No need, grandpa Greene. I want to rest for a while. Don’t let them disturb me, and just call me when dinner comes.”
Greene bowed down, “Yes. I will now take my leave.” He left Zhao Hai’s room after speaking.
Zhao Hai sighed in his mind and he slowly got down from the bed. Although he recalled that he laid on the bed for a very long time, there was no discomfort. Instead, he felt that he seemed to have limitless energy. He couldn’t help from doing a yawning stretch before walking to a window and pushed it outward lightly to look outside.
Entering his eyes was a small castle style architecture, and he lived at the highest level. He could see everything outside clearly. This was a small western castle. There was a small plaza at the front and outside surrounding walls was an endless looking black land. The soil was like it was as black as poured with oil, giving off a lifeless feeling.
On the plaza of the castle, there were a lot of things piled up. Zhao Hai inspected them. They seemed to be living supplies and such. A crowd of people were busy with them.
These people had males and females, who were wearing a uniform set of rough clothes. The difference was that every male had a brand on his forehead. He couldn’t see it clearly because of the distance, but Zhao Hai knew that it must be Buda family’s brand, which signified that these people were Buda family’s slaves.
He looked to the sides, which had a barren mountain. On top of the mountain were very twisted trees. They didn’t grow well, and every single one of them seemed to have been hit with a serious disease and had no energy. Other than the trees were waste grasses. The grasses weren’t tall, and they also appeared to be malnutritioned.
Returning his sight, he looked at the castle again that was already his. It wasn’t small. Even a few thousand people taking residency wouldn’t be a problem. It just seemed to be a very long time since the last time people lived here. The walls had grown moss and the gaps had grasses. A look of defeat. Looking at the window papers, it’s obvious they were newly pasted. Other rooms didn’t even have window papers.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help but make a bitter smile. He clearly recalled from Adam’s memories that in Buda family’s castle in the empire, there were glass windows. Here, they had to use primitive window paper. What a big difference.
But Zhao Hai actually had a sense of pride. Whatever the case, any ground that he could lay his eyes on were his. No matter what others might say, he would not believe that the oily black soil would not grow farm products. He must live like a person and let those who endangered him watch. This would also be a compensation for taking over Adam’s body.
Just then, a sound suddenly rang inside his mind…
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 4 – Spatial Farm
<Spatial Farm program initiated. Connecting to network. Network connection successful. Program is normal. Host discovered. Examining Host condition. Host condition is completely normal. Binding with Host. Your current level is level 1. System reward: 500 gold coins, 6 sacks of farm grass seeds. Every sack can plant up to an acre of land. You now already have a plot of land, area: 10 acres, level 0. You can buy the seeds you need from Shop, and put harvested produce into Shop to exchange into gold coins. Due to network malfunction, you can freely enter the farm and can only link to the server. Unable to link with any Friends. Please display forgiveness for the inconvenience caused.>
Zhao Hai stood there, dumbstruck. He felt like he was dreaming. Everything seemed so surreal.
But he really heard the voice. If it were on Earth, then Zhao Hai would never believe all this. At most, he would think that someone was pulling a prank. But in here it’s different. Since he even experienced traversal, what else would he refuse to believe?
Zhao Hai immediately spoke in his mind, <Enter the farm.>
The moment he finished, he felt his eyes going blur. He looked again, and he was already not in his castle, but an empty ground. This empty ground was very large, around 10 acres, all prepared beforehand. A brand new iron shovel was stuck next to the farm ground, and there was a small spring next to the ground. A bucket was put next to the spring. There was small grass hut, and to the left of it was a grass-made dog house. Below the window of the grass hut were two bottles. One was written ‘Pesticide’ and the other was written ‘Weedicide’. Next to the two bottles, there was a basket, and on the basket was a word ‘Collect’. At the right of the grass hut was an even smaller hut, with a sign ‘Storage’ hung on it. Other than these, the surroundings were foggy, and nothing could be seen. What he could see were the empty ground and grass huts.
Zhao Hai was too familiar with this scene. Other than having no background, this was his most familiar game: Farm Game !
Compared to those other hobos, Zhao Hai liked reading books and writing novels more. Although he could only earn some slight submission fees, he delighted in the work and never played games.
Then his friends introduced him to play Farm Game. This game didn’t need too much of your time, and the controls were simple, so Zhao Hai kept playing it as well. Now his farm level was level 27. Although it wasn’t too high, he opened up all of his lands and unlocked the ranch. He was playing it still.
Those who first started playing Farm Game would know that the system would give you a background for free and a grass hut. Back then the background was the same as what Zhao Hai saw now. The difference was that that Zhao Hai looked at it through a computer, and now he saw it in this space.
Zhao Hai looked at all this blankly. He really didn’t know what to do. Unbearably, he crouched down and grab the soil on the ground.
But just when he grabbed the soil, a sound suddenly rang inside his head, <Space soil, level 1. Already prepared. Can plant crops. Increases maturity time, 10 times. Can be brought out of space for use. Can improve soil outside of space.>
Zhao Hai went blank for an instant, and then delighted. He still knew too little about this space, and now’s perfect. He immediately ran to the spring and touched the spring water. As expected, the notification sound came up again which said, <Space spring water, level 1. Can be drunk. Has human body improvement effects. Can irrigate. Increases crop maturity time, 10 times. Can be brought out of space for use. Can improve soil outside of space.>
Zhao Hai was already smashed by such fortune out of nowhere. His hand was still in the spring, both eyes locked onto the water with silly chuckling out of his lips. He forgot to even retract his hand.
After a while, Zhao Hai stood up and spoke with great laughter, <You thieving heavens! I never thought that you’re so generous, hahaha! Good. Great. This is too good!>
Zhao Hai was very clear that when he came to Ark Continent, he became a person who could never practice any magic or battle aura, and so his life was destined to be mundane, and Adam’s vengeance would never be fulfilled. But things were different when he had this space. Even if he wouldn’t take revenge, he would still be able to let Buda family live on and prosper. It would also be a repayment to Adam.
Zhao Hai calmed down after a long moment. He first ran to the iron shovel. He wanted to see if this shovel was as amazing as it was in the game.
When his hand touched the shovel, the notification sound came again, <Iron shovel. Tool. Level 1. Can open soil automatically. Work time: 10 acres per day. Can be taken out of space for use.>
Zhao Hai laughed again, and then walked next to the water bucket. He touched it, and the notification sound came, <Water bucket. Tool. Level 1. Can irrigate soil automatically. Work time: 10 acres per day. Can be taken out of space for use.>
<Pesticide. Farm agent. Toxic. Level 1. Can kill pests automatically. Do not consume. Can be taken out of space. Dose: infinite.>
<Weedicide. Farm agent. Toxic. Level 1. Can kill weeds automatically. Do not consume. Can be taken out of space. Dose: infinite.>
<Basket. Tool. Level 1. Can collect produce automatically. Work time: 10 acres per day. Can be taken out of space for use. All harvests are automatically put into Storage.>
After comprehending the things outside the hut, Zhao Hai understood that this was similar to the space in the game, yet also not the same. But to him, this was more suitable.
Zhao Hai walked into the grass hut with his heart full of excitement. It wasn’t large, but it had an assortment of things. A wooden bed with dried grass covering it, a table, 4 chairs, a stove, a complete set of dining utensils, and most of all, there was a computer-like object in the bed, but it had only 1 monitor.
Zhao Hai quickly walked to the monitor and noticed that it was lit. There were only 2 icons. One was ‘Shop’, and the other was ‘Farm Overview’.
Zhao Hai quickly opened the Overview. He really wanted to know why he would have such a farm, and what was going on with it.
When Zhao Hai’s hand touched the icon of Farm Overview, it immediately turned into a beam of white light which shot into his head. Zhao Hai’s mind suddenly had a lot of information. He digested all the information after a good while, and also managed to guess how the farm came to be.
Before Zhao Hai came to this world, he was playing with his computer and in the middle of playing Farm Game. But for an unknown reason, he suddenly came here, and the Farm Game came with him. It was possible that in the process of traversal, the farm underwent a mutation and actually maintained the original functions. They were even greatly enhanced. This farm had become its own system, and this system was bound to Zhao Hai.
In other words, Zhao Hai couldn’t use this farm to link with the server on Earth, but he could use any of the farm’s functions, including the Shop. He could use gold coins to buy things in Shop, and also sell his harvests to it. He could bring the things of the farm outside, and could also bring things outside into the farm. Everything was standardized according to his will.
But now the farm was just level 1. A lot of functions could not be used. If it reached higher levels, he could even unlock the ranch and kept on expanding his grounds. As for how much he could expand, there were absolutely no limits. In order to level up the farm, he could re-plant, water crops, or kill bugs and such to get experience to level up slowly. He could also bring things outside related to the space. The space could use these things to keep evolving and level up from it. In other words, Zhao Hai could bring in Ark Continent’s specialties to increase the space’s variety or the quantity of the space’s species in order to level it up. Simply put, Zhao Hai got a heaven-defying cheating tool.
Zhao Hai only thought to laugh 3 times loudly. With this heaven-defying space, getting rich wouldn’t be a difficult matter, and even taking revenge for Adam and Buda family would not be impossible as well. A bold plan was taking shape in Zhao Hai’s mind.
He could use the space’s soil and water to improve the land of Black Wastelands. This way it meant that he had an incomparably large farm. If it developed, then he could amass more workforce, become an economic power, and he would take revenge for Buda family by then…..
Zhao Hai snapped out of it after a good while. He shook his head lightly and taunted himself for thinking too far ahead. His fortune paper didn’t even have a single brush stroke on it, so it was best to understand the situation here first.
While he was thinking of that, Zhao Hai touched on the Shop icon. The notification sound immediately came up, <Welcome to spatial shop. What do you want to buy?>
Zhao Hai looked at the screen, which listed pictures of Earth’s farm products. Below each picture were the price and level. Zhao Hai knew that it must be identical to the game so he didn’t look any further. He closed the shop page and looked around.
Finally, he walked to the shelf. He believed that the shelf wasn’t simply a decoration, but it disappointed him. When he touched it, there were no notifications. He did a double take, opened the shelf and discovered that there were 3 things. A cloth pouch, a short wand whose head was carved like a bug, and a short wand whose head carved like grass. When he saw these, Zhao Hai somewhat knew what they were for.
When he picked up the cloth pouch, the notification came, <Money pouch. Can store gold coins. Infinite amount. Current gold coin count: 500. Due to the level being too low, the gold coins cannot be taken out of space.>
Zhao Hai went still for a bit, and then became delighted. The notification was short, but he understood a lot of things from it. This money pouch was actually something like a spatial pouch, but it seemed to store only gold coins. But this wasn’t Zhao Hai noticed. What he noticed was the latter part, ‘Due to the level being too low, the gold coins cannot be taken out of space.’ Wouldn’t that mean if his level were high, he would be able to bring the gold coins in the space outside to use them? Dear heavens! If that were really to be the case, it would be too good.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 5 – Heaven-defying Cheating Tool
Zhao Hai took a few deep breaths and calmed down his own feelings, then took up the bug shaped wand. The notification sound came, <Pest Dispenser. Level 1. Can release pests which consume crops. Usage times: 50 times per day. Can be taken out of space for use.>
<Weed dispenser. Level 1. Can release weeds which wrestle nutrients with crops. Usage times: 50 times per day. Can be taken out of space for use.>
Zhao Hai giggled and put the two wands back. They were good stuff. Nothing would be better for ruining other people than them.
There was nothing else in the hut. Zhao Hai walked out towards the storage. He knew that the storage must’ve had something else. At the very least, he didn’t discover the farm grass seeds the system rewarded him.
Zhao Hai soon arrived outside the storage. It appeared to be very common; A small grass hut with a small wooden door. It didn’t have anything special.
When he touched the wooden door, Zhao hai heard the notification sound, <Storage. Level 1. Can store items. Types and quantity not limited. State of items stored and taken out remains exact. Can be used from outside of space. Current items: Farm grass seeds, 6 sacks.>
Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think about farm grass seeds. As soon as he thought about them, 6 small sacks appeared in front of him. The sacks had the words ‘Farm Grass Seeds’ written on them.
Zhao Hai looked blankly and then with great joy. He was wondering how to use the storage. He didn’t expect that he could do so with just a thought. This was too good.
Zhao Hai pushed the storage door, only to discover that it couldn’t budge at all. The storage seemed to be a decoration. No use whatsoever.
Zhao Hai smiled and returned to the grass hut to sit on the bed, silently sorting out his possessions. Now that he had such a space, first was that the ground could be used for planting, the water could be used for drinking, and the soil could greatly increase maturity time of crops. 10 times! Plus the water, and that’s another 10 times. Heavens! With here, there would be no worry of starvation.
The basket could also be used, as well as the iron shovel. Water bucket, farm agents, pest dispenser, weed dispenser, these things were all good things, which could be taken out of space to be used. Most of all was the storage. With the existence of the storage, it meant that he had gigantic storage space. This was what he was most happy about.
According to Adam’s memories, there were many storage tools in this world. A spatial mage could a storage tool, but there weren’t many such mages in this world, so although storage tools weren’t few, they were all in the grip of the nobles. Common folk still had very few of them.
Their storage tools could not be compared to the storage. Those tools were small. At most, they couldn’t store more than several hundred cubic metres, and those were already referred to as divine relics. Ones that were like his storage did not exist at all.
Most importantly, the storage tools in Ark Continent could not store living things, while his storage actually could. The things he could store were not limited by type.
Other than static things, he also had 6 sacks of farm grass seeds and 500 gold coins. Although he couldn’t bring out his gold coins, he could use them to buy things in the shop within the space, which was enough.
After looking at the Overview, Zhao Hai knew that the basic premise of this space was mostly the same as the game. If he levelled up later, he would be able to unlock the ranch and do more things.
Most importantly, he now had 10 acres of ground and a never ending water spring. With these two things, he could think up a way to improve the black soil in the fief, but first he must plant on the 10 acres of ground.
When he thought of this, Zhao Hai smiled bitterly. He was a hobo, but born in a city. He never planted crops at all, so he could be regarded as someone who couldn’t tell the differences between the 5 grains. He had to plant crops all of a sudden, so he really didn’t know how to plant.
But Zhao Hai still put the farm grass seeds back to the storage. He was clear that the seeds wouldn’t have much use to him at the present, but if he unlocked the ranch later on, they would have a use. Now he needed what could be eaten, or crops that could be exchanged for money.
He opened up the Shop interface, and there were pictures of crops. Below them were levels and money needed to purchase them. Same as the game’s interface.
Zhao Hai looked at the internet and noticed that it was really the same as the game’s, and setting matched as well. He was only level 1 right now so the seeds that could be planted were farm grass, radishes, carrots and Napa cabbages. Others couldn’t be planted at all.
Zhao Hai tested things by pointing on seeds of a level 2 crop. The interface immediately displayed, <Level insufficient>. Zhao Hai understood that this was really the same as the game.
With only these 4 types of plantable crops, Zhao Hai picked radish seeds without hesitation. Every sack of the seeds cost 150 gold coins, and every sack could plant 10 acres of ground. 10 acres of yield neared around 80000 kilos. Selling to the Shop could bring 500 gold coins.
According to this world’s money power, 500 gold coins was approximately 50000 Yuan on Earth. In other words, a single gold coin was equal to 100 RMB. 1 silver coin was equal to 10 RMB. 1 copper coin was equal to 1 RMB.
Counting it this way, planting radishes was still worth it, but slightly worse compared to cabbages and carrots. Zhao Hai chose radishes, not because of how much they could be sold for, but because they were for experience.
When he played Farm Game in the past, Zhao Hai calculated seriously that in all of the crops, from soil tilling to planting, and then to harvesting, the one type of crop that could bring the most experience was this unremarkable radish. Now he mainly needed to raise the level so that he could plant more ground, and overall speaking, the gold coins yielded with radishes weren’t that much fewer. From the look of things, planting radishes were the most suitable choice.
Zhao Hai was a homebody, and homebodies don’t like to go outdoors, so when time came that he had to go outside no matter what, he would first calculate what to do when outside, how to save the most time, or finish the things that must be done a few days later in advance, so that he would not need to go out for several days.
As time went on, he gained a kind of calculative personality. When doing things, he would first calculate and find a plan most suitable for himself, then do things according to the plan.
This was the same. He calculated for half a day, and finally chose radishes, because radishes could yield the most experience. Compared to the loss of gold coins, this meant nothing.
Zhao Hai immediately bought a sack of radish seeds. They didn’t appear in front of him, but were sent to storage instead. When Zhao Hai made a single thought however, a small sack immediately appeared in front of him. It wasn’t large and it appeared to be flat. It didn’t seem to contain anything. But when Zhao Hai touched the sack, a notification sound came immediately, “Radish seeds, 1 sack. Can be planted. Can be taken out of space. Plant area: 10 acres.”
Zhao Hai let out a relaxed breath. Good thing that this sack of seeds could plant the 10 acres of ground. Otherwise, he would have no money to buy seeds. But the system was really scheming. Only free 6 acres, and only buying could get 10 acres. Really scheming.
After closing the Shop interface, Zhao Hai took the seeds and walked out of the grass hut, but he looked idly at the 10 acres of land. He bought the seeds alright, but how to plant them? How could a hobo like him plant crops? Not to mention, he didn’t know how to do it. This was a real predicament.
Once he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think to put the seeds back to storage. Suddenly he looked at the sack of seeds in his hands idly. A bold thinking entered his mind.
Everything in this space seemed to revolve around him. Although buying seeds required gold coins, the starting funds were given to him like he was playing a realistic game. If that was the case, then could he plant crops without doing so on his own?
Acting upon thought, Zhao Hai immediately thought of the radish seeds. The moment he had such thoughts, the sack in his hands flew out and the iron shovel moved as well. The shovel dug a small hole in the ground and one of the seeds flew into the hole. Then the water bucket flew up and watered the hole, and the shovel buried the hole before digging another hole again, then seeding, then watering, and then burying. It was like several people were accurately doing their own work with great cooperation to plant on the soil. Zhao Hai didn’t actually have to move his own hands.
Zhao Hai looked at this and couldn’t help from laughing loudly. This space was too great. He felt that he was the god of this space. With just his own thoughts, things in here would act according to his will. It was too good.
When he saw that it still needed a while before the planting was finished, Zhao Hai feared that Greene would panic from discovering his disappearance, so he thought of exiting the space. With a thought, he returned to the room in the castle at iron mountain. He looked at the sky out of the window. No large changes, and the room didn’t seem to have anyone coming in. This made Zhao Hai believe that he didn’t stay for a long time inside the space. Even if he did, the time inside the space and the time outside of it must’ve been different.
Zhao Hai was so excited he wanted to shout. With such a heaven-defying cheating tool, he could at least be a free little landlord in this world. Whether or not he could take revenge for Adam aside, ensuring that he would live better days first was the solid way.
One had to admit that Zhao Hai wasn’t a person with great ambitions. He had a strong middle-class mindset. It’s fine if he lived well enough himself. Restoring Buda family’s glory, helping it take revenge, helping Adam take revenge, those were all impulsive thoughts spurred from the moment. When he thought of the power of the nobles, he felt a chill running in his heart. The great Buda family could be eliminated with just a command from others. What would a little Zhao Hai like him be in comparison? Wiping him out would be a matter of waving a hand.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 6 – Planning
Low profile. He had to keep a low profile!
Zhao Hai was very clear after reading countless traversal novels, that if you don’t know how to keep a low profile after arriving in another world, there won’t be any good consequences. Zhao Hai believed that novels were just fantasies. The reason why protagonists could unleash winds and rains after arriving in different worlds was because of the authors’ great fingers. If someone arrived at a completely foreign environment and still acted cocky, then they would surely die an awful death in the end.
And now, Zhao Hai’s identity was still Buda family’s last heir, and at the same time, they offended the greatest force of Axu Empire. Under these conditions, if he didn’t know how to keep a low profile, then the first one to perish would be him.
Although he could use the spatial farm for hiding, there are too many ways to kill a person. Zhao Hai did not want to lose his head without even knowing why in his sleep.
Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about these things, there were sudden knocks on the door. Zhao Hai was distracted but he immediately said, “Come in.”
Meg opened the door and came in while she lowered her head without looking at him. She bowed to him and spoke, “Young master.” and said nothing after that.
Zhao Hai looked at Meg with a bitter smile. The reason why she didn’t look at him was because Adam tried to molest her in the past for her beauty, but he didn’t have his way in the end. However, Meg always hid from him after that. Even when meeting each other, she would only say ‘young master’ with a lowered head, before turning around to leave.
Zhao Hai sighed. This was all Adam’s fault, yet he had to take the fall. Heavens, what kind of abominable karma was this?
Zhao Hai sighed before he looked at Meg and said, “I don’t have anything right now. You go and take a rest. I want to sleep for a while as well. Just call me when dinner comes.”
Meg responded with a sound before turning to leave. She even closed the door softly for Zhao Hai as she went out. Looking at how Meg was escaping from him, it made him smile bitterly again.
Now he was in a totally good condition without a bit of discomfort. He said that he was going to sleep for a while because he wanted to arrange Adam’s memories and see if there was anything he didn’t know already. Plus, now that he had the spatial farm, it would be a great help to his future developments. He wanted to think about how to make the best use of this farming space.
Now his farm space was planted with radishes. If the radishes were sold to the farm, he would get at least 500 gold coins. In other words, he could earn 350 gold coins.
He could also bring the radishes out from storage, and then let Meg bring them to other places on Ark Continent. This might possibly get him even more gold coins.
But importantly, he didn’t know if Ark Continent had vegetables like radishes right now. Adam was a squanderer so there was no way he would go and buy groceries. Usually he would eat better dishes or cooked vegetables, so he knew nothing about what was put into the dishes. There was no way he would know if there were vegetables like radishes in this continent.
If the radishes could not be sold outside, then he had to process them as well. They’re like treasures all over, and the system should accept only the radishes. It wouldn’t want the radish leaves, while radish leaves are actually very delicious. Simply pickle them, and they will be a delicious delicacy.
Zhao Hai lived in northern China, so he still remembered clearly that when he was little, his mother would often use pickled radish leaves to make dishes. The flavor was very good as well.
The radish leaves can also become a type of animal feed to feed some herbivores. If this world had no such thing like radishes, he could sell the radishes while leaving the leaves to feed some herbivore magic beasts. In Adam’s memories, some magic beasts were easy to raise and would eat anything. If that point came, then he would breed lots of those magic beasts and there would be no need to worry about the lack of meat for eating. He could still establish a ranch and it would naturally draw in more income.
Even if this world had radishes and the cost would be low, if he wished to sell them to the Shop, he could also spare the leaves. Whatever the case, they must not be wasted.
Zhao Hai’s level was insufficient right now so he couldn’t unlock the ranch in the space just yet. But he could build a ranch in Ark Continent instead. Once his space levelled up and unlocked the ranch, he would then raise some of Earth’s animals.
Zhao Hai had decided that his development from then onwards was through plantation. The space lacked attack power after all. Planting crops was the most suitable for him.
Now he had a large fief, a mountain, a barren land, and Rotten Corpse Swamp, these places were all his fief. But a lot of time was still required to make them usable.
Zhao Hai only hoped that the water and soil of his farm space could really change the Black Wastelands. That way, he could have a large plantable land. No matter the time, a land is where the home sits.
As for workforce problems, Zhao Hai never worried about it before, because he knew that there’s a kind of people which wasn’t present on Earth for a long time: slaves.
There were no slaves on Earth, but over here, there were. If you had the money, you could buy many slaves, and the survival of the slaves was completely under your discretion. They would be absolutely loyal to you and would never escape, because every slave’s body had a special brand of a family. Once a slave was discovered to be out of the presence of a master and ran away alone in secret, then the outcome would be very brutal.
As long as his farm could make money, he wouldn’t have to worry about interpersonal matters at all. There were plenty of slaves in the continent. Even if the people weren’t slaves, as long as someone needed them, a suitable price would be offered, and the nobles would then turn countless people into slaves.
Nobles had everything. The world was this simple.
But with Zhao Hai’s current identity, if he bought in large quantities of slaves all of a sudden, it would attract attention. That’s why no matter what, he had to do things in low key. Going low profile was the way of he did things. Planting crops was his primary direction.
After settling down these thoughts, Zhao Hai let out a long breath and laid down on the bed slowly. Even now he felt like he was still dreaming. He himself was but a normal hobo on Earth. Even though he liked reading traversal novels, it didn’t mean that he himself wanted to traverse. But who knew that such a thing actually happened to him?
Heavens, making a hobo leave his computer. Isn’t that the same as turning a lecher into a eunuch? This is seriously too cruel.
Zhao Hai let out a long sigh and threw himself to the bed. Watching the rock ceiling made him sigh again. There were no entertainment facilities here whatsoever. How would he let himself live every day? Oh my novel, this is seriously too taxing.
It was possible that because he just took in too many memories and the unexpected surprise of having the spatial farm, which made Zhao Hai’s nerves went through excitement for a while. Now that the excitement had passed, waves of fatigue sieged him. Without knowing it, he slept soundly again.
What Zhao Hai didn’t realize was that when he just slept, the door to his room was pushed open. Meg looked with her head poking in from outside and saw Zhao Hai sleeping with his front side down. She tiptoed in, took the blanket on the bed and put it over him. She then stood next to the bed and whispered as she looked at him, “Young master, you have to make up for all this. Buda family depends on you.”
She walked out after that and closed the door gently again.
When Meg came out of Zhao Hai’s room, Greene came to her. He looked at her and spoke, “How’s young master, Meg? What’s he doing?”
Meg replied, “Nothing. He slept.”
Greene nodded and spoke, “Go see how your grandmother’s dinner is being prepared, and then come back and call young master after it’s prepared. Ai…. We’ve come to this place. Noble etiquette can only be put aside.” He shook his head and then went back after speaking.
Meg looked at her own grandfather. She knew very well how her own grandfather’s feelings were. He gave his whole life for Buda family, yet no one knew that Buda family had fallen before his own eyes. How could Greene possibly feel well in his mind?
Meg walked behind Greene towards the kitchen. There was only Maylin for a chef, but she was only responsible for their meals. What the slaves outside would eat was none of her business. Greene had already given the slaves things to eat. They would do it themselves.
Greene great approved of Maylin’s methods. The slaves were originally unfortunate people. In here it’s still not bad. Though they couldn’t eat too well, they could still be full. If it were other nobles, their stomachs would never be fully fed.
Meg was also very clear that Buda family was being completely supported by grandpa Greene right now, and young master Adam knew absolutely nothing. Now she only hoped that Adam would be a little more knowledgeable and stop fooling around. Otherwise, Buda family would really have no hope left.
But even if Adam were to be knowledgeable, the things he needed to learn would be many. He was totally a playboy in the past and a typical example of being talentless and illiterate. He didn’t have the slightest experience of managing a family. It would be fine if he wished to learn. If he wouldn’t learn and still bark orders blindly, then with their current condition, they wouldn’t be able to last for more than a few years.
Even though Buda family wasn’t too rich, it was still a noble family. It was deemed guilty, but it wasn’t foreclosed, so the family still had some money. The total was nearly 100 thousand. This was already not a small sum.
But now this money had been turned into various supplies by Greene, and only more than 100 gold coins were left. If Buda family still spent as it did before, these people would only starve to death while clenching their own necks.
Now, Adam’s behaviour would determine the survival of Buda family itself.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 7 – ‘Not my rules
The sky slowly went dark. In the entire castle, except for Zhao Hai’s bedroom which had magic lights, torches were used for other spots instead.
This type of magic light was made of a type of magic crystal from Ark Continent, and there were two sources for these magic crystals. One was from underground magic crystal mines. These crystals were either good or bad, which were measured from the energies contained within. Ones with more energy could be used to power magic items. Ones with less energy could only be used for illumination. These underground produced magic crystals were all ‘one-off’ in use. They would expire after using up.
Another type of them was from magic beasts themselves. These crystals were very hard to get. 10 of the beasts wouldn’t necessarily contain 1 magic crystal. Although the energy of these magic crystals produced from the bodies of magic beasts wasn’t very high, they were stable. They’re supporting tools for mages to cast their magics. Most importantly, these magic crystals could be used repeatedly. When the energy was depleted, just wait for a period of time. It would then absorb same element energies from nature on its own, slowly filling itself up. It could be reused this way.
No matter which type, they were very expensive. Magic crystals produced from mines were a little cheaper compared to ones from magic beasts, but the price was not what common people could afford as well.
Buda family was now in desperate times. Greene bought a few magic crystals, but every single one of them was precious. They must not be misused, so when at night, places other than Zhao Hai’s room had to be lit with torches.
Now the slaves had eaten and slept, while Maylin just finished making dinner and was letting Meg call Zhao Hai.
Zhao Hai slept very soundly this time. He arrived in another world, but he now had a spatial farm. At the very least he wouldn’t need to worry about the upkeep. Because he was in a coma in these days, Maylin kept on treating him with magic. His body still had a large amount of water element as a result. Water element has soothing effects to begin with, plus he put down the burden on his mind, so his sound sleep was justified.
Meg listened for the sounds inside Zhao Hai’s room when she arrived outside of it. The room was very quiet and there wasn’t a sound. Meg immediately knocked on the door and said, “Young master, wake up. It’s time for dinner.”
There was still no sound. Meg shouted twice, and the room still had no sounds. Meg was forced to push the door open to enter the room.
When Meg entered Zhao Hai’s room, she heard evened breathing sounds. She walked softly over to the bed to take a look. Zhao Hai was sleeping soundly, and he didn’t even hear her shouting.
Meg sighed. She didn’t know if Zhao Hai was defenseless or being silly. To think that he could still sleep so soundly at this point.
Meg stood next to the bed and nudged him lightly, “Young master, wake up. It’s dinner time.”
Zhao Hai woke up in a blur and mumbled, “What time is it?”
Meg replied immediately, “It’s 7 at night, young master. Time for dinner.”
Zhao Hai then widened his eyes and turned to look at Meg next to the bed. He then turned to look out the window to discover that the sky was already getting dark. He sat up slowly and shook his somewhat dizzy head to be more awake. He turned to Meg and asked, “Meg, what’s today’s date?”
Meg lowered her head, “Young master, today is 6th of April.”
Zhao Hai nodded and counted with his mind. Adam fell into a coma at Year 1637 Neo Domini, 17th of February. Now it’s already 6th of April, which means he was unconscious for more than a month. The fact that he could freely walk on his own two feet after more than a month of coma was a miracle on Earth.
But Zhao Hai didn’t ask Meg what was going on, because he knew from Adam’s memories that mages on the continent and their healing magics were very amazing. Forget about 1 month. Even if you went into a coma for a year, they would also be able to make it so that when you woke up, you would feel like you slept for a night. You would walk naturally without muscle atrophy.
Zhao Hai was just sitting on the edge of his bed when Meg immediately brought his boots for him to wear. Zhao Hai immediately said, “Put it down, Meg. I can do it myself.”
Meg went blank-faced but managed to say, “Allow me, young master. It’s what I should be doing.”
Yet Zhao Hai could not get used to that. He blocked Meg hurriedly and said, “Forget it. I’ll handle this kind of measly stuff myself from now on.” As he finished, he took the boots from Meg and put them on himself.
Meg looked blankly at Zhao Hai from the side. She felt that Adam today was very foreign to her. Before now, forget about putting on his shoes. Adam would not even take them off himself. Today he actually put them on himself.
Zhao Hai stood up after wearing his boots, then turned his head to Meg, “Let’s go and have dinner. I have some matters to discuss with grandpa Greene.”
Meg felt that Zhao Hai was very weird today, but she still responded with a sound and led the way for Zhao Hai towards the dining hall, because she knew that ever since he arrived, he never left his room, so he would not be able to reach anywhere in the castle. If he were to walk on his own, he would never know where the dining hall was located.
Once he stepped out of the door, Zhao Hai looked blankly and then curiously at the surroundings. This castle was obviously old and appeared to be of age, but it was very sturdy. However, the style was very old and the interior design was not at the level of Adam’s original home. It had a spooky feeling.
But Zhao Hai didn’t mind all this. He liked the castle even more this way. In his impression, castles were supposed to be like this, as this was an old fort’s style. Perhaps he would even get discover hidden rooms in the castle.
Zhao Hai soon noticed the torches on the walls. When he saw them and related them to the price of magic crystals, he immediately understood why.
Although Adam didn’t know the prices of things before, he still knew about the prices of things like magic crystals, because they were high-end consumables, which were only affordable for people of Adam’s level. Hence he knew about the price.
Zhao Hai also recalled the magic light in his room at the same time. It appeared to be the only magic light out of the entire castle. When he thought of it, Zhao Hai felt a warmth entering his heart.
The dining hall wasn’t far from Zhao Hai’s bedroom, and soon the two entered the dining hall. Greene, Maylin, Rockhead and Blockhead were standing in there while waiting for Zhao Hai. Once they saw him entering, they all bowed down and said, “Good evening, young master. Please enjoy your meal.”
Zhao Hai nodded and looked at the table of the dining hall. He noticed that there was only his own set of cutlery. He knew from Adam’s memories that when nobles eat, servants are not allowed to be at the same seating and can only stand at the side in servitude.
Zhao Hai sat down and measured the dining hall. It wasn’t large. Only more than 20 square metres and a rectangle table put in the middle. A snow white tablecloth was draped on it. 2 candle stands were put on the table and each of them had 3 candles.
There were 8 chairs around the dining table, and they were intricately made. One could tell they were high-class goods. Every corner of the dining hall walls had a torch which lit the entire place well. But other than all this, there was nothing else.
After Zhao Hai measured the dining hall, he turned to Greene and others and said, “Grandpa Greene, you should all sit down and eat. I have something to ask you after eating.”
Greene immediately bowed down and spoke to Zhao Hai, “Young master, this can’t do. When you eat, we cannot share the same table with you. It’s ordained by the empire.”
Zhao Hai humphed and said “It’s the empire’s rules, but not my rules. Since the empire abandoned us, why are we still following its rules? Don’t speak about it and go get some cutleries. Let’s sit down and eat. I will speak as we eat. If you’re not doing it then I won’t eat as well.”
Greene looked at Zhao Hai and felt that he had no other option. He just turned to look at Maylin and Maylin stared at him to say, “What are you looking at me for? Young master hasn’t eaten properly for more than a month. You want to let him starve?”
Indeed, for Greene, Zhao Hai’s condition was more important than anything. When he heard Maylin’s words, he turned and spoke, “Then you and Meg bring the things out. I will attend to young master here.”
Maylin didn’t say anything this time and led Meg away. Greene then sat down with Blockhead and Rockhead. The twins were obviously not used to this as they seemed to be sitting there like there were thorns under their asses. It could be seen that the two were somewhat dumb and also not keen on talking. Since they saw Zhao Hai, they just followed Greene and others in saying ‘Good evening, young master. Please enjoy your meal.’ and that was it.
Zhao Hai knew from Adam’s memories that Blockhead and Rockhead were kids adopted by his father. They weren’t smart, and one could even say they’re stupid, but they had exceptional natural talent when it came to brute strength. Plus, having learned Mad Dragon Battle Aura, the two of them now had more or less the strength of Level 6 fighters and were deeply loyal to Buda family. They would never betray the family.
When Maylin was bringing out the dishes, Zhao Hai spoke to Greene, “Grandpa Greene, how many gold coins do we have right now?”
Greene went still for an instant. He didn’t know the meaning behind Zhao Hai’s question, but he still stood up and replied, “Young master, we still have 180 gold coins right now, but we’re not lacking supplies, so the gold coins can still be utilized.”
Zhao Hai let Greene sit down hurriedly and then said, “Then when we came from the empire, did we transport the things using horse wagons? What about the horses that pulled them?”
Greene replied, “Young master, our place here is small and there are no products, so in order to conserve our grains, we only have 5 horses. The wagons which we came here in were all hired.”
Zhao Hai looked still for an instant, but he immediately understood what Greene meant. Greene was conserving as much as he could. One should note that a good horse cannot be fed with just grass alone. There must also be some grains, and they had no way of producing grains right here, so of course they saved as much as they could. Keeping horses was even further out of the question.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 8 – Arrangements
Zhao Hai nodded and then asked, “Then what about our current source of poultry, grandpa Greene? Didn’t we buy some carnivore magic beasts to raise?”
Greene didn’t know why Zhao Hai would ask this and assumed that Zhao Hai was afraid he would have no meat to eat. He immediately replied, “No need to worry, young master. We had purchased some blue-eyed rabbits and long-haired boars to serve as our meat source. There’s no need for you to worry about poultry.”
Zhao Hai was torn between crying and laughing. It seemed that Adam was really devoid of humanity before. He wanted to look for a kind of animal that would grow fast and not picky with eating, yet Greene actually assumed that he was worried about not having meat to eat. The dialogue wasn’t matching up, man.
Just then, Maylin and Meg walked in with several plates in their hands. On the plates were some food, but were much simpler in comparison to Zhao Hai’s menu.
Zhao Hai looked at what was on his own plate. In his own were a white bread, 2 eggs, a piece of meat and some vegetables. For their current situation, his menu was impressive already.
While the on the plates of Greene and others were just black bread and some vegetables. There was no eggs or meat. None at all. This wrenched Zhao Hai’s heart a bit but he didn’t say anything. He just held his knife and fork to start eating. When Greene and others saw him eating, they too started eating as well.
Greene and others weren’t eating quickly. Only Blockhead and Rockhead were eating very quickly. It could be seen that Maylin gave them much larger servings compared to others.
Zhao Hai had to admit that the taste of Maylin’s cooking wasn’t bad. Although it wasn’t as delicious as Chinese cooking, it was impressive enough in making such simple food taste this good.
Zhao Hai nodded his head in satisfaction and ate the food in front of his eyes quickly. Although he was not used to eating things with knife and fork, he was somewhat hungry, so he ate very quickly.
But by the time he finished, Greene and others also finished theirs as well and were standing as they looked at him. This made Zhao Hai feel helpless, yet he also knew that this situation could not be changed in just a day or two.
After the meal, Maylin and Meg cleared the plates and served a pot of stuff. Once he smelled the aroma from the pot, Zhao Hai knew that it contained coya. Coya was something similar to coffee. It was the most favorite beverage of the nobles of the continent.
Greene immediately poured a cup of it for Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai drank a mouthful of it and found that it’s flavor was close to coffee. He couldn’t help from nodding his head. He took the pot and poured a cup for Greene while pointing to a chair, “Sit down, grandpa Greene. I have some things to discuss with you. Come on. Drink some coya.”
Greene replied in a hurry, “I can’t. I’ll just stand.”
Zhao Hai stood up and pushed Greene down to the chair and said, “Grandpa Greene, you’re someone like my grandfather. You watched me growing up so you’re my senior on that note. Now that Buda family experienced such a catastrophe, if it weren’t for you, then my little life would’ve been in peril. No need to be reserved. Sit. I really have things to discuss with you.”
Greene sat down. Tears flowed suddenly as he looked at Zhao Hai, mumbling, “I will sit. The old me will sit now. Young master has grown up more knowledgeable.”
Zhao Hai pretended it as he sighed, “I should be after going through so much. I’m sorry grandpa Greene. I caused you concern before. I will never do so again.”
Greene shook his head, “Oh no, please don’t say that young master. It’s all this old me’s incompetence that young master had come to this. That Buda family would come to this point.”
Zhao Hai shook his head and smiled bitterly, “You can’t be faulted for this. How would my father accept your words now? Forget it, let’s not talk about this. Grandpa Greene, do you know which magic beast on the continent isn’t picky about food, can grow fast and also breed quickly?”
Greene was stunned by Zhao Hai’s question, but he still knew about such things, so he immediately replied, “There are many of such magic beasts that you speak of, like the blue-eyed rabbits and long-haired boars that we’re keeping. They’re both level 1 magic beasts and don’t have much attack power. From birth to maturity, blue-eyed rabbits need but more than 3 months’ time, and when they mature, they give birth once every more than 1 month in average. The first birthing shouldn’t be less than 5. Long-haired boars’ growth period is longer. They mature in around 8 to 10 months. Then they give birth once every 4 months or so in average. Every birth would not be less than 7. These two kinds of magic beasts are also the main source poultry for the continent. There are many who raise them.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Which of the two is raised by the most people?”
Greene replied, “Long-haired boars. Blue-eyed rabbits aren’t too picky but they’re herbivores. They only eat some plant leaves under normal conditions, unlike long-haired boars which eat anything.”
Zhao Hai nodded. Upon finding out that the blue-eyed rabbits weren’t much different from rabbits on Earth, he stood up immediately, “Grandpa Greene, didn’t you say we bought blue-eyed rabbits? Take me for a look.”
Although Greene didn’t know what Zhao Hai was up to, he was happy from knowing that Zhao Hai had finally started to care about family matters. However, he said, “Young master, it’s already late. I think we should do so tomorrow. You should rest sooner.”
Zhao Hai looked at the sky outside and also felt urgent himself. He nodded, “Alright. Then we will have a look tomorrow. But grandpa Greene, I noticed that there are still many supplies on the empty spot of the castle. Why hadn’t they been moved into the castle?”
Greene looked reluctant as he replied, “It’s not that they weren’t moved, young master. It’s because the castle is too small. We really can’t fit so many supplies, so now we’re organizing the slaves to build wooden sheds, so that we can put those things into them.”
Zhao Hai nodded and looked at the sky, “Do the slaves have places to live yet? It’s already April. Soon it’s going to be rainy season, and we have to settle them down. We Buda family only have a few of us right now. We still need to count on them later on.”
Greene’s expression turned better from uncertainty. He was afraid that Zhao Hai would ask about the slaves when the supplies were mentioned, because in the eyes of nobles from the continent, the slaves were far less valuable than the supplies. If Zhao Hai thought that way as well, he would surely chase the slaves out of their places and then put the supplies in.
But Greene was very clear that Buda family had just these few people right now, and soon it would be rainy season. If the slaves were made to live outside, they would get sick easily, and then there would be a situation where there’d be no one to mobilize.
However, Greene didn’t expect that Zhao Hai had also considered this. He knew that his young master had finally grown up, so he replied in a hurry, “Please relax, young master. It had been arranged.”
Zhao Hai then nodded, “I can relax when grandpa Greene is around. Alright. I should return for rest. Let’s talk tomorrow if there’s anything else.” He went upstairs after that.
Just then, Maylin and Meg came out of the kitchen. When Maylin saw how Greene was standing there emotionally, she asked curiously, “What’s gotten into you, old timer?”
Greene suddenly laughed loudly, “Young master grew up! He’s understanding now, hahahaha! The heavens spared us Buda family!” Then he relayed the words he spoke to Zhao Hai to Maylin. After that, he laughed, “Young master is concerning himself with family matters. This is good news! If young master can manage the family well, even if it can’t be powerful, it’s still possible to continue. Whatever the case, Buda family will not disappear.”
Maylin was also very happy, and said, “Powerful for not, it’s all good. It’s fine young master is safe. I think it’s better right now. Buda family might’ve been glorious back in the empire, but it stood out too much. Otherwise it wouldn’t have been backstabbed by those fellows. Now that we’re far away from the circle of rumors, it’s even better living our humble days here. Black Wastelands here has nothing, and no one will make a move here. Our family is safer here.”
Greene nodded with a grin, “Yes, that’s exactly the point. That’s why I bought 50-50 male and female slaves this time. It’s for the sake of the family’s future developments. Now I don’t need to think about other things. As long as young master is safe, I will be satisfied as long as Buda family can go on.”
Maylin nodded with a grin as well. Meg was standing behind Maylin. Although her face didn’t have an expression, her eyes had a trace of happiness.
Zhao Hai heard Greene’s laughter as well and recalled Greene’s expression just now. He also knew why Greene was this happy. He made a bitter smile when thinking about it. He didn’t expect that acting a little normally would make them this happy. It seemed that Adam really never did anything good.
Zhao Hai couldn’t sleep when he returned to the room. Perhaps he slept too much during the day. Now that he was on his bed, both his eyes were staring like lit light bulbs. He still couldn’t sleep.
Zhao Hai still couldn’t sleep after more than an hour. He thought a few times and he decided to go to the space to look at how the radishes had grown.
When he entered the space, Zhao Hai went blank. He didn’t expect that the radishes which he planted for just a few hours ago had now sprouted large leaves. They seemed to be close to maturity.
Zhao Hai looked blankly at the radishes. He really never imagined that they’d grow so fast. It was said that the space soil and space water could increase the plant growth speeds, but wasn’t this too fast?
Zhao Hai couldn’t help but walk over to the radishes to pull one up. He noticed that it had grown a notch underground. It’s just that because the time was too short, the radish itself wasn’t large. It still needed more time to mature.
Zhao Hai let out silly chuckles and then buried the radish properly. He then stood up and mumbled, “At this rate, they will mature tomorrow morning. Then I can ask grandpa Greene if there are such things. I’ll also see if the blue-eyed rabbits can eat the radish leaves. If they can, then I can open a ranch. Hehehe….”
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 9 – Sooner Or Later, One Day…
After walking around in the space and deciding that there was really nothing else, Zhao Hai came out from there and laid down on the bed quietly. His mind kept thinking about what had happened from when he first woke up until now.
Ever since knowing that he traversed, Zhao Hai not only had nothing to fear, but he also smiled to himself deep in his heart. He was a homebody when on Earth. He had to live with monthly Weibo submission fees, and his life was very stressful.
But things were different here. In here he’s a noble. Although he was ousted, he had his own fief. It was a barren land, but he still had a few loyal subordinates. A word from him could determine the lives and deaths of 100 slaves. His own castle had servants, and most importantly, he had the spatial farm.
Although it wasn’t known how the farm came to be, as long as it was there, he wouldn’t need to worry about food for life. Living out such free days was pretty nice.
He was thinking about this while he kept thinking about the later developments of the farm, but the thoughts would be useless right now. The farm must get on track right now.
But now the farm obviously mutated. It’s hard to say if it’s good or bad, so if he had the chance tomorrow, he would first bring the black soil outside into the space, and see if he could modify it using space soil and space water. And he had to pile up his funds and buy more seeds. Better if he also brought some space water outside. With this, he would also have his own soil if the farm disappeared. It would be the foundation of his own safety.
He fell asleep without knowing it while thinking. In his dream, he built a giant garden and became its master. Living out his own humble days, it’s a beauty in itself.
Right when he was having his sweet dream, a sound suddenly came,
Zhao Hai woke up swiftly and entered the space to find out that the radishes had matured. Big fat radishes, one after another, had bulged out of the ground.
Zhao Hai stopped caring. He ran next to the ground and dug out a radish with some elbow grease. He rubbed off the dirt on it and took a bite without caring about hygiene.
The sweetness of the radish juices which carried slight spiciness filled his whole mouth instantly. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but let out a sigh. This flavor was too good! When Zhao Hai was on Earth, he preferred to eat radishes. They were sweet, unlike green turnips which were always spicy. And the radishes grown in space had a much better flavor than those from Earth.
Zhao Hai chewed on the radish in his mouth while measuring it in his hand. It was at least more than 3 kilos in weight. It was large already, and it was very straight, white and plump. Just looking at it would elicit hunger.
Zhao Hai laughed happily and brought it front of a window of the grass hut. He took the basket written with ‘Collect’, and faced the radishes before shouting, “Collect!” The radishes flew out of the ground like they were dug out by large hands, into the basket. Yet the basket would never be full. Zhao Hai looked at it and saw that the radishes disappeared immediately when they entered the basket.
Not long after that, the whole ground was empty. Zhao Hai examined the storage and, as expected, the radishes had all been put into storage, while the ground had numerous radish holes.
Zhao Hai didn’t sell the radishes. Instead, he bought another sack of seeds and commanded the shovel to prepare the ground at the same time. He then planted the sack of seeds into the ground. Once he finished planting the sack of seeds, he heard a ‘DING’ sound, before a notification sound came,
Zhao Hai twisted his lips, “What a scrooge. Free seeds can only plant for 1 acre.”
Zhao Hai came out of the space after work. He looked at the sky outside and saw that it was very early. A blot of white was just coming from the east.
There was no way Greene and others would wake up at this time. Even the slaves were still sleeping. Zhao Hai was so excited he couldn’t sleep, and he sat in the room alone, chewing on the radish he dug out from the space. The taste was one he couldn’t resist.
A more than 3-kilo of radish was something Zhao Hai could never finish on his own. He only ate half of it before he became full, but something strange happened. He felt that there was a flowing warmth in his belly and his body seemed to be filled with energy in one go. Not even a single bit of tiredness was left.
Zhao Hai did a double take. Nothing of the sort happened before. He seemed to be eating radish, not a stimulant. How could this happen? This radish wasn’t a ginseng, was it?
Once he thought of this, Zhao Hai touched his own nose, fearing that he would have a nosebleed. But he found out that his nose was squeaky clean. No blood was dripping from it.
Zhao Hai taunted himself. He himself was prone to having wild thoughts, so he often did things that would be funny to others.
But he was sure that it was definitely not an illusion just now because he was still feeling energized. Both eyes bright without a bit of sleepiness.
This was somewhat unnatural since from Adam’s memories, he indeed drank the Water Of Void. Even though it wouldn’t cause any effects for people who didn’t learn magics and battle auras, it would make one feel very tired. It would also be impossible if you were to use sheer muscular power in order to become a fighter. So why would there be such a limitless force? There was only one possible reason for this sensation; The radish just now.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help himself from anticipating even more from the radish when he thought about it. He immediately put it into his spatial storage and prepared himself to ask Greene about it. To see what the radish was all about.
He saw that the sky outside was starting to brighten, but it was still very early and everyone hadn’t woken up. Zhao Hai couldn’t let himself wake them up, but it was too boring in this room, so he walked out slowly to take a good look at what was his own castle.
He walked forward slowly out of the castle. After crossing a small plaza, he arrived at the battlements. Their structure was very simplistic; Green stone floors, rows of stone houses, behind the stone houses were castle walls. The walls were very high, about more than 10 metres tall. He looked around near the castle walls and discovered that they were quite thick, about 4 metres. The castle gate seemed to be made of cast iron, about 4 metres tall. The middle of the gate was bolted by a gigantic bolt. On the gate was a shaking device, which appeared to be used for inserting and extracting the gate bolt.
This device was designed very craftily. Just shake a handle at the bottom of the castle gate, and the gears above would spin and move the iron bolt to lock the gate halves tight. Same for getting the bolt out as well.
Zhao Hai nodded at that. He didn’t expect that machines in this world were this advanced. He looked around and didn’t notice anything else. Other than the pile of supplies Greene bought which was in the plaza, there was nothing at all.
When he saw the supplies, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly. It seemed that Greene really wasn’t a commerce material, and he actually turned the gold coins on hand into these things. Didn’t they know that coins would birth new coins, and these things would one day be used up?
It seemed like Greene intended to turn this place into a one and only garden isolated from the world, but it made sense when Zhao Hai thought about it. If Zhao Hai didn’t traverse here and it was still the original Adam, the latter would be able to live longer. If he were allowed to frolic outside with money, then he would soon be dead.
He reached the stone stairs at the side of the castle gate and walked up the castle walls slowly. The walls were entirely built with a type of pale green rock, which looked to be very sturdy. The top of the walls were wholly preserved as well. The ramparts were very well kept, which needed no repair whatsoever. There was an archery spire at each of the 4 corners of the castle walls, which could protect the castle in all directions.
Zhao Hai looked at the inner castle walls. They were built even taller than outer walls, and several archery spires were built on top of them as well. It appeared that the defensive capabilities of this castle were not for show.
He looked outside the walls as he turned around. Outside was a 5-metre wide moat, whose water was very clear. It could be seen that it was a live water. Above the moat was a drawbridge, which was 5 metres in width. The chains of the bridge were made of arm-thick links, which were unusually heavy, while the drawbridge itself was made of a huge iron frame with planks on it. The planks were very new. One could immediately tell it had just been replaced.
The castle gate faced a straight and broad road directly, which was made of stones as well. He didn’t know how long it reached, and it seemed like it wasn’t used for a very long time as there were lots of weeds on it.
Zhao Hai knew that this castle had been abandoned for who knew how many years. They came through the road just once when they arrived. He believed that there was no one who left over the past odd month, which was why the road looked like this.
Other than this road, there was black soil everywhere outside the castle. Not a single grass was present on top of it, which made it appear so desolate and carried a death-like silence.
Just then, the sun had risen. Its golden rays shined on Zhao Hai as he stood on the castle wall watching it rise, while his hands were behind his hips. He felt aspirational and he laughed loudly, “Great. This castle and everything here are mine now. This is just the start, like this rising sun, but sooner or later, one day I will let this sunlight shine on the entire land!”
Zhao Hai didn’t realize that, at an unknown time, Greene and others had woken up and were standing under the castle wall. They watched silently on the top of the castle, at the Zhao Hai who appeared to be a god clothed in golden light. Their eyes were glistening with emotional tears.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 10 – Hope
Zhao Hai calmed down when the sun was completely out of the horizon. Yes, this was the first sunrise he saw in another world. That magnificent sight was refreshing and it made him aspirational, so he couldn’t hold back those words.
Zhao Hai then discovered as he turned around, that Greene and others were standing below the castle wall while behind them where the 100 slaves. He could tell that these slaves were hand-picked. 50-50 males and females, and were very strong while none were sick. Now they were cleaned up as well, and their clothes were also clean. Only the faces of the male slaves had a brand, which was on their foreheads. It was a clawing and rampaging dragon, which was Buda family’s insignia. Made according to the name of their family’s own battle aura.
Greene bowed down when he saw that Zhao Hai saw them. He spoke loudly, “Young master, the light of Buda family will surely shine on the entire continent. Please give us a lecture.” When he finished, all the slaves behind him kneeled down with heads put on the ground. None of them dared to look at Zhao Hai.
Zhao Hai was just a normal homebody in his previous life. When had he ever been through such an occasion? I went still for a moment, at a loss. He didn’t know what to say at all.
He finally calmed down his emotions after a while. When he saw that Greene and others had not woken up, he spoke hurriedly, “Grandpa Greene, get up. All of you as well, get up. We’ve arrived in this place and there’s nothing here. The land here cannot be planted and there’s no ore in the mountain. We only have this tattered and abandoned castle as our place of refuge, and all of you have shared the surname Buda. Whether or not you wanted it, you had been branded the Buda family’s brand, so you are already part of the family. As long as Buda family exists, there is a need for your existence. If Buda family disappears, you will disappear as well. This is an unchangeable fact.
Yes. We have nothing at all, but we have a pair of hands. Everything in this world was created by both of those human hands. As long as we have our hands, we will not die starving. We will make our lives better. Most of you are slaves. You might think that it doesn’t matter to you if life is better or not, because no matter how well life goes, you are still slaves.
But what I want to tell you today, is that as long as you work hard and contribute to Buda family, then I will remove your slave status and turn you into citizens. Your children will not be slaves. One day they might join Buda family’s army and become honorable warriors. If they perform well, they might become knights and nobles.
I am asking you to do your best, so I will give you my best. As long as you work hard, I, Adam Buda, will swear on my family honor, that I will surely fulfill today’s promise!”
A small commotion took place among the slaves. It should be noted that before the slaves were sold, they were trained professionally. When a master lectures, they’re not allowed to move. Even farting had to be held back. This kind of commotion was not supposed to happen.
But Zhao Hai’s words were too shocking. No noble on the continent had ever turned slaves into normal people. Once you became a slave, you’d be a slave for life as your descendants would be slaves for eternity. This was unchangeable.
If Zhao Hai simply said that then the slaves would not buy that. However, he swore upon Buda family’s honor. It should be known that nobles on the continent would not make oaths easily. Even if they did, they normally wouldn’t use their family honor to do so, because it’s what the nobles prioritized the most. If they swore upon their family honor, they would surely fulfill it. In other words, Zhao Hai’s words were all true!
What was the greatest wish of slaves? It was to become ordinary citizens one day. To restore their freedom. To spare their descendants from the bitter life of slavery. Many slaves fought for that. They rebelled and revolted, but were quickly suppressed by the nobles. Because they were just slaves, they had no weapons. They had no armor and they didn’t know how to use battle auras. Under those conditions, they could never beat noble armies that were armed to the teeth.
Now Zhao Hai actually said to them, ‘You don’t need to start revolutions. As long as you work hard and contribute to Buda Family, then you will have citizen identities.’ For these slaves, it was really like a dream.
Working hard was a must for slaves, because if they didn’t and someone found out, they would be executed. Even if they weren’t executed, they would be punished in the most severe way possible. That’s why they wouldn’t dare to slack off. Now someone actually told them, ‘As long as you work hard, I will give you want the most.’ For them, this was too great of a shock.
Greene and others were stunned. They didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would say such a thing. Actually speaking, Greene didn’t agree with Zhao Hai’s speech a lot, because it was necessary for the slaves to work their fill, and no noble had ever turned slaves into citizens, since doing so involved too many things.
But now that Zhao Hai’s words were out of his lips, Greene had no way to refute them. He could only wait until they’re back inside the castle to discuss this with Zhao Hai.
Looking down, Zhao Hai knew that it was good enough that they had such a reaction. He knew about the place of these slaves from Adam’s memories. And it was because of knowing it, that he enticed them with what they wanted to have the most.
The creative power of humans is boundless. Just give them hope, and they will erupt in an energy you can hardly imagine. Zhao Hai now needed this kind of eruption from them, which was why he did it.
Zhao Hai was quite satisfied with their reaction, so he added, “You can have all kinds of thoughts. As long as you can let Buda family gain benefit, or create anything that can improve living or is useful, you can all bring them to steward Greene. If I judge that the things you make are useful and good, I will write down your merits. When your merits reach a certain extent, you will become citizens. Even if you don’t know how to make things, as long as you work hard and your performance is great, you will also have a merit. Once it reaches a certain point, you can become common folk. Become Buda family’s black fief’s people!”
The slaves were more excited. They had now treated Zhao Hai like a god, because only a god would be so benevolent. All of the slaves erupted in a form of momentous force. This force made even the level 8 fighter Greene who was standing in front of them feel shivers in his heart.
Greene turned to look at the slaves and discovered that the slaves seemed to have gained something. When he looked at the slaves before, they always felt dead tired like a rock. But now they seemed more like living people. They gained an extra part of vitality and working energy.
Greene’s mind trembled. He suddenly understood why Zhao Hai did this. If Buda family was to develop, it would be impossible to do it with 100 dead tired slaves. But it would be different if it were 100 people full of vigor. Greene didn’t know what 100 vigorous people could do, but he knew very clearly what 100 slaves could do. Greene let out a long breath, his face filled with a genuine smile and a trace of determination at the same time. He believed that the time for Buda family’s rise would soon come.
Zhao Hai also felt the changes from the slaves. He smiled slightly as he knew his own words had an effect, so he spoke immediately, “Good. Now go do your work. First, arrange those supplies and I will have a new mission for you tomorrow.” The slaves heeded to his words and walked towards the supplies quickly. Their footsteps carried more power than before. Their whole bodies were full of energy.
Zhao Hai nodded in satisfaction. He walked down the castle wall and slowly to Greene’s side. He spoke to Greene, “Let’s go back, grandpa Greene. I have some things to ask you.”
Greene responded with a tone, and led Maylin and others to follow Zhao Hai back into the castle. Greene knew when watching Zhao Hai’s back, that Adam had really changed. Adam was no longer the young master who only knew how to fool around before. He was now the head of Buda family. A true chief of the line.
They soon arrived in the dining hall. After sitting down, Zhao Hai spun his hand and the half-eaten radish of his then appeared in his hand. He put it on the table and asked Greene, “Grandpa Greene, what do you think this is?”
Greene didn’t say anything. Zhao Hai looked at Greene awkwardly and noticed that Greene was looking stunned at the hand. He also knew why Greene would have this expression because it was the act of taking the radish out.
On the continent, there was spatial magic as well. It’s just that spatial magic was incredibly hard to learn, and the conditions for learning it were highly demanding, so only a few learned it. Although there was spatial equipment used to store things, opening them required energy. Whether it’s magic or battle aura, they could open as long as it’s energy. And he who had drunk the Water Of Void could not open such a storage equipment even if he had one. Not to mention that he didn’t have one yet.
Zhao Hai smiled and asked, “Grandpa Greene? What is this?”
Greene instantly reacted to it and stood up excitedly, “Young master, you just….. What? “
Zhao Hai waved his hand, “It’s nothing. That’s a power I got out of nowhere. You only need to know about it and don’t speak of it. Just come and take a look. What is this?”
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 11 – Arrangements
Greene lived his life in the empire and he had seen lots of grand occasions. He immediately snapped out of it. He didn’t look at the thing on the table, but look at Zhao Hai with sparkling eyes instead, “You can use magic, young master?”
Zhao Hai shook his head, “I can’t use magic and you know it. Anyone who drinks the Water Of Void cannot use magic ever again. This is just a kind of ability. It cannot attack. It just lets me store some stuff.”
Greene nodded while looking slightly disappointed. He then turned to look at the table and noticed the radish on the table. He did a double take and immediately held it up. He looked at it carefully, smelled it, and then even took a bite. He nodded and put the radish back on the table and turned to Zhao Hai, “This is magic radish, young master. It’s a very common type of magic vegetable.”
Zhao Hai was dumbstruck, “What magic vegetable? Are there other kinds?”
Greene nodded, “Yes, young master. There are 2 kinds of vegetables in Ark Continent. One is normal vegetables. These are commonly eaten by civilians and slaves. While the other is magic vegetables which nobles normally eat. These vegetables themselves contain some magic energies. They can only grow in especially fine soil and require tender care. Magic radishes are this kind of magic vegetables, but they’re also the most common. The current market price is about 1 silver coin per kilo.”
Zhao Hai calculated quickly in his mind. He now had 80000 kilos of radishes. 1 silver coin per kilo, which meant 80000 silver coins. Changing them into gold coins would be 8000 gold coins. This was a lot more profitable than selling back to space. Selling them back to space would only get 500 gold coins, which meant that every kilo would only yield just 6 copper coins and a bit. Comparing this world’s money power to Earth’s, it meant that if he sold these to space, he would only get about 60 cents per kilo while selling them to the people here would yield 10 bucks per kilo. About 20 times in difference. Even dumbasses would know this transaction should be done.
Just then, Greene held up the radish again and said, “But this magic radish is kinda strange. No magic radish on the continent was ever this big, and its flavor is much stronger than others. Where did you get this, young master?”
Zhao Hai didn’t answer him and just said, “Do the blue-eyed rabbits eat these leaves? When we buy magic radishes, do they come with the leaves?”
Greene shook his head and said, “We don’t want the leaves when we buy them. The flavor of the leaves isn’t anything, but blue-eyed rabbits actually like eating them. Why do you ask, young master?”
Zhao Hai yelled as he stood up. He walked in circles twice with a giddy expression, “The heavens haven’t forsaken me! Great! With this, I can build a ranch!”
When Greene saw Zhao Hai acting that way, he felt a little afraid. He didn’t know what came over Zhao Hai and immediately asked, “Young master, what’s up with you? Don’t scare the old me like that.”
Zhao Hai snapped out of it and laughed while looking at Greene, “Fear not, grandpa Greene. I’m just too happy. Oh yeah, let me ask you. Is this magic radish sellable?”
Greene relaxed upon seeing how Zhao Hai returned to normal. He nodded and replied, “Very. Now that there aren’t a lot of battles on the continent and people have a lot of income, many civilians have also bought some magic radishes to eat. They’re the cheapest of all magic vegetables, so a lot of people buy them.”
Zhao Hai nodded and sat down. He also let Greene sit down and said, “Grandpa Greene, I have 80000 kilos of magic radishes right now. Think of a way to sell them out. It’s fine if they’re sold a bit cheaper, but you have to get them out as soon as possible, and then buy as many blue-eyed rabbits as possible. We’re living on this mountain and there are many abandoned dwarven mineshafts. We can turn those mineshafts into blue-eyed rabbit burrows, and we will have a fixed income this way.”
Greene was stunned. He stood up excitedly and said, “Did you say you have 80000 kilos of magic radishes, young master? How did you have so many of them?”
Zhao Hai shook his head, “Don’t fuss about the details first. Just finalize this matter as soon as possible. And you must get a big buyer, and tell him I have magic radishes all over my hands. There will be 80000 in about 2 days. He can have as much as he wants.”
Greene stammered, “Is it real, young master? You…. you really have t…t-t- that many magic radishes? Wh.. Where did you get them?”
Zhao Hai smiled, “There’s no need for you to trouble yourself about that. Just settle this matter as soon as you can. You must be quick, but you must also keep a low profile. Don’t let others discover that the goods are sold from us. Can you do it?”
Greene calmed down in an instant. He didn’t know where Zhao Hai got all those radishes, but he knew it must’ve been related to that ability of his, so he immediately replied, “Relax, young master. This old me can still do it. I will arrange it immediately.”
Zhao Hai nodded called out to the leaving Greene, “Grandpa Greene, tell those slaves to stop minding the supplies and clear those mineshafts immediately. It must be done within the shortest time. We want to raise lots of blue-eyed rabbits. I will keep the supplies. Don’t you worry.”
Greene’s eyes sparkled. He gained a new recognition of Zhao Hai’s ability. Although Zhao Hai said that his ability didn’t have an attack capability, but just being able to store so many things and provide that many magic radishes were impressive enough already.
Greene nodded immediately, “Don’t worry, young master. I will arrange that. Blockhead, Rockhead, from now on, protect young master well in every step. I will leave for several days. Maylin, Meg, take a good look at the slaves. You must do the things young master arrange in the shortest amount of time, understand?”
At this moment, Greene finally displayed the prestige and prowess of a noble family’s steward. He arranged the several most important things in the shortest time. First was Zhao Hai’s safety. Second was working time. Third was heading out to sell the radishes. Obviously, the was going to do all three himself.
Maylin and others were dumbstruck. They never thought that Zhao Hai had such a secret. Now that Greened bossed them, they snapped out of it. They all heeded to Greene with a sound before he walked out hurriedly.
Zhao Hai looked at Greene’s back and nodded. Seemed like it wasn’t as if Greene knew nothing. The reason why he spent all the money before coming to Black Wastelands might be something Zhao Hai guessed. It was to let Adam have no money to spend and stay here honestly. But it seemed that Greene would no longer need to worry about this.
Once Maylin saw Greene leave, she turned to Zhao Hai and spoke, “You’re hungry aren’t you, young master? You haven’t eaten anything since waking up in the morning, right? I’ll prepare something for you right away.” She walked to the kitchen after that.
Zhao Hai replied hurriedly, “Forget it, granny Maylin. I’m still full from eating half a magic radish. I can’t take another bite.”
Maylin shook her head, “How can it do? How can you be full from eating such a thing? Just wait, young master. I will go ahead and make a meal. It will be done quick.”
Once Zhao Hai saw that he couldn’t stop her, he interrupted, “Granny Maylin, take this magic radish with you and make a dish.”
Maylin took the half-eaten radish into the kitchen, while Meg stood next to Zhao Hai with Blockhead and Rockhead to his rear left and right.
Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn’t hold back his bitter smile. He knew that Blockhead and Rockhead would not hear a word he would say. These two guys were very stubborn. They would only listen to Greene so he didn’t say anything else. He just turned to Meg and said, “Bring me some coya, Meg. I’m a little thirsty.”
Meg heeded with a sound and went to the kitchen. But when she got behind Zhao Hai, she peeked at him before heading to the kitchen in a hurry.
Zhao Hai sat there in boredom. There were too few people he could talk to in the castle right now. They’re just Maylin and others. The slaves couldn’t hold a normal conversation with him right now. If Zhao Hai were to start one, they would be frightened, so he could only sit there alone right now.
He originally wanted to talk with Blockhead and Rockhead, but the two of them were the kind of people who didn’t have big enough brains, so a conversation would go nowhere with them. That’s why he could only sit there idly in boredom.
Good thing that Meg brought out a pot of coya after a moment, but after she poured a cup, she retreated to Zhao Hai’s back and made no sounds. This frustrated him incredibly, but he didn’t know what to say to Meg as well. Because of what Adam did to Meg, it made Zhao Hai feel very awkward when facing Meg as well.
Maylin’s movements were still pretty quick. It didn’t take more than a moment for Zhao Hai’s breakfast to be prepared. Similar to Earth’s western breakfasts, the one Maylin prepared for Zhao Hai was still bread, gravy and some eggs. These eggs were not the same as Earth’s eggs, of course. They’re eggs from a level 1 earth chicken from Ark Continent.
Zhao Hai turned to Maylin and others, “Granny Maylin, sit down and eat. You have a lot to do after eating, so no need to keep me company.”
Maylin nodded and didn’t refute this time because she knew that after eating, they really had many things to do. Maylin and Meg returned to the kitchen again to bring out several sets of breakfasts and ate them with Blockhead and Rockhead.
After having breakfast, Zhao Hai didn’t return to this room. Instead, he went to the living room on ground level and drank coya as he sat down. He knew Greene would report to him after managing everything, so he didn’t rush.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 12 – Headshake
As expected, not long after Zhao Hai sat down, Greene entered and bowed down to him, “Young master, I had taken care of things here. I will set off immediately.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “No need be in such a hurry. Just rest assured. Those things are safe with me. They’ll be fine. Even 10 or 8 years won’t be a problem. Once you leave, you must find some big dealers and sign some kind of a long-term cooperation agreement. And remember; We will have to raise large quantities of blue-eyed rabbits. We have to cooperate with them on this as well. If my guess is correct, after our magic radishes cause impact with the market, the price might go down. We have to be mentally prepared for that.”
Greene nodded his head. Zhao Hai pointed to a seat at the side, “You should sit down, grandpa Greene. I can’t stand if you’re standing like that. I have a lot of things to say to you while sitting down. Blockhead, go and bring a breakfast for grandpa Greene. We’re letting grandpa Greene eat here today.”
Blockhead glanced at Greene, and Greene nodded. Blockhead then made his way to the kitchen as Greene sat down. Zhao Hai had nothing to say about this. He was crystal clear about how Adam was like in the past. If it weren’t for the steward such as Greene, Adam would’ve died countless times over. Of course, he wouldn’t be jealous of Greene’s authority now.
After Greene sat down, Zhao Hai spoke, “Grandpa Greene, you too know what our current situation is, so I hope you remember; Low profile. We have to keep a low profile. We’ve come to this sort of place now. If we do something those powerful nobles can’t accept, then all of us here are doomed. So the cooperation this time must not be known to others that we’re related to it.”
Greene nodded, and Zhao Hai then sighed, “I don’t know why those nobles would let our Buda family go. They simply drafted us here. But I think that there’s something we have that’s making them cautious. They will have to pay a heavy price as well if they want to deal with us. But if we let them know right now that the Buda family might rise again, then will stop at nothing to kill us. That’s why we have to keep a low profile now. It might seem cowardly when I say low profile, but it will allow Buda family to live on. So until that day comes, we can only keep a low profile for time being.”
Greene’s eyes went red and bowed down to Zhao Hai after standing up, “Rest assured, young master. This old me will surely settle this matter.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Don’t be like this, grandpa Greene. Sit down. Remember those magic radishes are just the first step. After a while, I’m going to try and see if I can turn the black soil outside into normal soil. That would be much better. But then we’ll need more hands at that point, so you have to use any channel possible to buy some more slaves. I don’t care which race they are. As long as they’re useful and have special skills, they can be bought. Ordinary people wouldn’t come and take a look anyway, but we must still exercise caution.”
Greene nodded his head. He discovered that his young master had really changed. If it were before, the young master would never think of all this. The changes right now were definitely a good news for Buda family.
Blockhead served Greene’s breakfast just then. Zhao Hai looked at Greene’s breakfast. It was simple, which made Zhao Hai shake his head. He spoke to Greene, “Grandpa Greene, after you sell the magic radishes, first buy blue-eyed rabbits, then buy some long-tailed chickens. Then buy some scaleless fishes. Our moat is empty right now. I took a look, and the water seems to be active. It can support fishes. Let’s not care about how much we can earn right now. We have to make our lives passable by all means. When you go, don’t be afraid of how many magic radishes they want. They want a quantity we can provide, but I think that once the magic radish market gets crashed by us, many people will surely experience losses, and then they will look to the bottom of things.
So no matter what, do not let them find us out. Also, buy some books. It’s best that they’re books about the continent’s flora and fauna. They’ll be very useful for us. Anyway, that’s all I can think about thus far, so the rest is up to your management. Ah, that’s right. Our defense power is too small right now. You should pay attention and it’s best that you bring some slaves that have fighting power. But do this bit by bit. Our number 1 goal is to change our life.”
Greene heard Zhao Hai’s words while he was eating breakfast. He remembered all of it. The things had an order to them, but they were things that he, the steward, had to do.
It didn’t take any longer for Greene to finish his breakfast, who then let Blockhead put the dining utensils back to the kitchen before standing up. He bowed down to Zhao Hai, “I will now leave, young master. In these few days of my absence, you must let Maylin know if there something is up. You must take good care of yourself, for you are Buda family’s last hope. If something happens to you, how will I face your late father?”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Relax, grandpa Greene, I know what to do. I will never fool around like before. Just go out and return as quickly as you can and settle the things. Oh right, our outward transportation for the magic radishes are a problem. I’ll be waiting for you to settle things down, and then I’ll send them over myself. That way it won’t attract attention. What do you say?”
Greene thought for a bit and said, “Then let it wait until I settle the matters. Don’t worry, young master. This old me will arrange everything.”
Zhao Hai nodded at Greene. Suddenly he stood up and bowed down to Greene, “Grandpa Greene, I hereby thank you on behalf of Buda family. From today onwards, you are my relative.”
Greene’s eyes went red with tears. He accepted Zhao Hai’s gesture and laughed with his head held high, “Master, older master, do you see? Young master is getting competent. He’s knowledgeable now. Buda family has hope now! Even if this old me will work all of the old bones to break, I will have to make Buda family rise again!” He bowed down to Zhao Hai after that and left, but he had none of the looks of a servant right now. His mighty air as a level 8 fighter was on full display with apparent valor.
Zhao Hai looked at Greene’s back and smiled. He walked to his own room. He knew that there had a process for other people to accept his changes. Now that his performance was too brilliant, he should dial it down. The things at home had been settled by Greene anyway, and other matters were attended to by Maylin and Meg, so there was no need for him to concern himself. He went back to his room in an attempt to enter the farm. That was his foundation for keeping his life afloat.
But Blockhead and Rockhead were too stubborn. They were like phantoms who were hell bent on shadowing him. They followed him no matter where he went, and they followed Greene’s orders to a tee. Zhao Hai felt helpless about this.
Zhao Hai didn’t want to let Greene and others know too much about the spatial farm, but with the stubborn twins, he was afraid he had no choice.
After walking into his own room, Zhao Hai turned around to the twins, “Blockhead, Rockhead, go back to your room. I want to rest for a while, and there’s nothing around the castle as well. No need to concern yourselves.”
The two of them then shook their heads at the same time and said nothing. Zhao Hai spoke helplessly, “I want to rest. Go and help granny Maylin, ok?”
Headshake!
“I want to sleep. You can’t just stand next to the bed, right? Go stand outside!”
Headshake!
“I am the young master, and you two get the hell out!!”
Headshake!
“Bros, I’m begging you. Give me some personal space. You just be on your way. Go on.”
Zhao Hai saw that he really had nothing for these two, and he just said, “Blockhead, Rockhead, I know the two of you were raised by my father since you were little and you are absolutely loyal to Buda family, but where I really want to go right now is a place that concerns the future development of Buda family, so it’s best that you don’t follow me. You can’t even if you want, so after a while, if I suddenly disappear, don’t panic and shout. This will do, right?”
As soon as Zhao Hai stopped speaking, the twins both moved their hands and pulled out their zweihänders behind their backs and placed the cutting edges on their own necks. Their faces were saying ‘If you don’t let us follow you, we will die right now’.
Zhao Hai smacked his own cranium. Facing such stubborn people was really headache inducing for him. But he had no other way. He knew it when he saw Blockhead and Rockhead’s actions. If he really didn’t let them follow him, they might really kill themselves. They were part of the very last few people to be absolutely loyal to Buda family. How could he let them die this way?
But bringing them into the space like this would mean that they would know its secrets. Zhao Hai was quite unwilling, actually.
Yet Zhao Hai didn’t grasp the knowledge of the space completely. The radish seeds were planted before the sun was up, and now that it was well into the morning, he didn’t know what became of them. He had to take a look. When the radishes matured, they must be collected. They were money, you know.
Most importantly, Zhao Hai still wanted to know how to bring the water and soil from the space to outside of it. They could change soils. If he really could, then the black soil outside would likely be changed into a good farming field. This was what Zhao Hai needed the most.
Just when Zhao Hai was weighing the pros and cons of entering the space, Blockhead and Rockhead were still holding their swords. Their eyes looking still at Zhao Hai. They were afraid that he would disappear in an instant.
After a while, Zhao Hai went back to reality. He looked at the two and smiled wryly, “Alright, you can come, but what you’re about to see today must not be spoken of. If you do, at most it’s going to be grandpa Greene, granny Maylin and Meg. Other than them, you must never speak of it to anyone. Not even during your dreams.”
The twins nodded at the same time, but they still haven’t put down their swords.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 13 – Changes Of The Mind
Zhao Hai saw that the two of them were speechless. It seemed that they weren’t really idiots who thought they were being deceived. They had to be brought into the space. Oh well, since the space had to be made known to them sooner or later, it would be better to get this over with.
Zhao Hai smiled wryly, “Alright, put down the swords. Aren’t they heavy for you? Get ready, we’re about to go in.” After he finished, he made a thought and the 3 of them vanished on the spot. The next instant, they appeared inside the farming space.
Blockhead and Rockhead looked agape at everything. They saw the grown radishes, the grass huts, and the pile of things in front of the main hut.
Zhao Hai noticed that the twins were still holding their swords. He pats on their shoulders, “Put them down. Aren’t we here already?”
Blockhead and Rockhead returned to their senses, and they put down their zweihanders unconsciously, not a single bit daring to disobey Zhao Hai’s words. Now they felt that Zhao Hai’s words were royal decrees, and they could not disobey them.
Zhao Hai also sensed their changes. He felt as if the two of them had turned him into their master. This made Zhao Hai ponder.
But he didn’t think much of it and examined the radishes’ growth closely, followed by the things inside the hut. There were no changes. Now he only had 200 gold coins left, and he remembered that when he played the game, it would clear out weeds and bugs from time to time. Those things are a plantation’s great enemies in its growth.
Good thing that they haven’t popped up from the ground. This was why Zhao Hai had to come and take a look. The farm would notify him if the radishes reached maturity, but Zhao Hai didn’t know whether the farm would notify him if weeds and bugs cropped up.
These radishes were money, and since he wanted to live a better life, it would be impossible without money. He needed money and he needed a lot of it, and that was why there was no margin for error.
Blockhead and Rockhead were still at his side, but their minds had been changed greatly. Before, they would only hear Greene’s words, but in here, Greene’s place in their heart was far from being as high as Zhao Hai. Now they based their everything around Zhao Hai.
Zhao Hai didn’t know that this space was a mutated space. Everything here belonged to him, but this space didn’t have ‘levelling up’ to begin. His level was too low for now, so he still needed to level up. When his level got high enough, this space would completely be his.
It was exactly because that the space was his, that no matter what he brought into the space, that something would not help from treating him as its master. His commands were holy decrees. In this space, he was a god, hence Blockhead and Rockhead would have such thoughts.
Zhao Hai still didn’t realize this right now. He just examined the space seriously to see if there were any changes. None. No changes at all. Everything was normal. Although he got a single level up, he got nothing except for some seeds.
But Zhao Hai wasn’t discouraged. He didn’t have many gold coins left, but he could still plant another batch of radishes. If this batch were collected before Greene returned, then he would have to sell a part of them first, and then use the money to plant new radishes.
It’s not that he didn’t want to plant anything else. It’s just he still knew too little about the vegetables of the world. He was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to sell out the other ones. He was now in a state of primitive accumulation. If he really got a bunch of unsellable vegetables, his funds would be choked. It must not happen right now.
Radishes were sellable in this world, so just plant radishes. This was the most stable method. Zhao Hai could not afford to make a single misstep. This wasn’t just about his fortune and life. This was about the future of the whole of Buda family.
Zhao Hai knew clearly that he was just inheriting Adam Buda’s body and Buda family as well. He inherited that responsibility, so he rather chose stability and keeping a low profile than taking a wrong step and have others discover the family’s direction. If it’s discovered, their lives might be forfeit.
Noticing that there were no changes to the space, Zhao Hai nodded and stood up. He turned to Blockhead and Rockhead, “Alright, there’s nothing going on here. Let’s get out.”
Blockhead and Rockhead were now treating Zhao Hai as the leading charge, and would naturally not object. They immediately said, “Yes, young master.” This made Zhao Hai do a double take. It was the first sentence from them since following him. He couldn’t help but look at the two of them curiously, but he didn’t discover any odd changes. With a thought, he came out of the farm with the two of them and back into his room.
Zhao Hai sighed in relief after noticing that the door was still closed and no one came in. He turned to the twins and said, “Let’s go and take a look outside the castle. I want to see what’s going on with the black soil. The moat has to be modified since we have to raise fishes there.” He led the two of them while he was talking.
Blockhead and Rockhead would surely stop him if it were before because Greene didn’t let Zhao Hai leave the castle. But now they said nothing, and just followed him silently.
The 3 of them arrived at the plaza. Zhao Hai put the supplies that hadn’t been brought indoors into space. He used his thoughts at the same time to take a look and noticed that most of them had been put into storage. They had been sorted by the storage in order and even displayed their quantity. This pleased him greatly.
Zhao Hai also discovered that he didn’t actually have to enter the space to control everything within. When he wanted to see what’s in the space, a projection would appear in front of him, and it seemed that Blockhead and Rockhead couldn’t see it. This was very convenient.
The 3 of them walked out of the castle slowly as the castle gate had been opened already. Maylin and Meg were watching the slaves cleaning up the abandoned mineshaft caves.
Actually, even if the 2 of them didn’t watch, the slaves wouldn’t slack off. It was because Zhao Hai gave them a goal, that as long as they worked hard, sooner or later they would no longer be slaves. For them, this was their greatest motivation.
Maylin and Meg also noticed that the slaves were especially energetic today. Every one of them seemed to have had unlimited energy. What would normally take 1 hour to complete was now done in just half an hour.
Zhao Hai didn’t go there. He didn’t have a lot of people he could trust, but he could definitely trust Maylin and Meg. Since he trusted them, there was no need to go there. He wanted to see the black soil right now and see if the space could change it.
But first, Zhao Hai made his way to the moat. It wasn’t too wide but it could be seen that it was very well built. The banks were even paved with stones. Even though no one had lived here for a long time, the water here was still very clear.
Zhao Hai took a look, that this moat had 2 water sources. One was that there were two water springs in the moat itself, which sprouted water all day and night. Another was an underground river from high up the mountain.
It was strange that there’s an underground river here, which happened to flow into the moat, and on the other side of the moat, a water outlet was made, which was why the moat water was definitely live water, which could be used to raise fishes.
But if he raised fishes like this, he would surely lose money big time. This was an open water, so if he put the fishes into it directly, they would all swim away. So if he wanted to raise fishes here, the moat must be modified first.
But then came another problem. This moat was linked with the castle’s drainage. If it had to be modified, the drainage of the castle itself had to be altered as well, which involved a lot of issues.
Zhao Hai frowned and put this matter aside for now. He felt that he should take a look at the black soil first. If it could really be modified, then he could do even more things. Planting, irrigation and harvest would all fall into place.
Planting seems easy, but it’s very hard to do it well. Zhao Hai never planted before, but he has some understanding regarding the subject. He saw other people doing it before, plus China prioritized agriculture, and every year there were a lot of news regarding that. Drought, flooding, such news could be heard of every year. He also liked some historical books, so he naturally knew that planting was far from easy.
And in Chinese history, ‘irrigation’ as a word was mentioned for more than once. Every emperor of every dynasty prioritized it, but here in Zhao Hai’s fief, there were no irrigational facilities whatsoever.
It would be strange if you think about it. This black soil grew nothing, and after so many years, it should’ve already been dried into sands. But there was still the same black soil. Winds seemed to have no effect on it.
Zhao Hai led the way for the twins to the edge of the black soil. It wasn’t very far from the castle as it was only dozens of steps away. Zhao Hai crouched down slowly and grabbed a handful of soil. This made Zhao Hai look at it blankly.
Zhao Hai lived in China’s northern oil city. There’s a type of black soil there, which was called ‘oil sands’. The oil sands were like sands mixed with oil. It could grow nothing at all, but it looked pitch black. Zhao Hai had seen this oil sand before, and once he touched the black soil, he had a feeling he touched the oil sands.
Zhao Hai’s heart sank. If these were really oil sands, then he’s through. He could not plant anything whatsoever. He hoped that this was just ‘something like oil sands’.
Zhao Hai turned to Blockhead and said, “Blockhead, dig some black soil. We’ll take it back for some careful research.” Blockhead heeded with a sound and used his zweihander to start digging. It didn’t take long for him to cut up a big pile of black soil.
Zhao Hai nodded, “This will do.” He moved his hands after speaking, and put the pile of black soil into the space’s storage, ready to do a slow and steady research with it when he returned.
After storing the black soil, Zhao Hai looked at the expanse of black soil. He sighed a little. Such a big stretch of land and it couldn’t be planted? What a waste. He hoped that space water and soil could modify it. Otherwise, their developments would be very slow, and his secrets would soon be known to everyone in the world. That way, Buda family would really be finished.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 14 – More Than Meets The Eye
After storing the black soil, Zhao Hai led Blockhead and Rockhead to where Maylin and Meg were at. He wanted to see how they cleaned things up.
The iron mountain had a lot of dwarven mineshafts, but it actually was a very large one. The entire mountain was almost completely dug out by the dwarves, yet the structure was very unique. Plus the dwarves had many years of mining experience, so the entire shaft was very sturdy and there was no need to worry about the danger of collapsing.
Maylin and Meg were females, but they were ever in service of the Buda family. They were always Greene’s great assistants, so this was not a problem for them. The slaves were motivated by the offer that Zhao Hai would restore their freedom, so every single one of them was energetic. There was no need for Maylin and Meg to keep watch of them.
But when they were cleaning up the mineshaft, they discovered that there weren’t many usable spots. At the beginning, there were several tens of metres of empty ground and caves acting as living areas. The dwarves would eat and live here, so the blue-eyed rabbits could then be raised here after a proper cleanup. But it was a no-go further inside. It was slanting downward further in, and it was already pooled with water.
But just cleaning up the outer spots was enough to raise a lot of blue-eyed rabbits. It wouldn’t be a problem for raising at least up to several tens of thousands of them.
Because the dwarves had to live in the mineshafts for many years, the design of the caves was close to ordinary urban cities. Close to water sources, and had a certain amount of drainage facilities. The place had to be broad enough while close to the entrance. The mineshaft had water storage, but it was still very dry. It could be regarded as the best place to raise blue-eyed rabbits.
It was also the first time Zhao Hai saw the look of the dwarven mountain. It wasn’t too high, considering that it wouldn’t be higher than 1000 metres from sea level. The lateral length wasn’t longer than several thousands of miles, which was shaped like half a circle, keeping the Black Wastelands inside. The only path leading into and out of Black Wastelands was the opening of the half circle. Their castle was built with its rear facing the mountain, and a part of it was on the slope. The back of the castle was the iron mountain, and the dwarven mine caves were at the waist of the mountain at quite a high elevation. Behind the mountain was the continent’s infamous hazard zone. Known as one of the ‘5 Forbidden Areas’: Rotten Corpse Swamp.
The soil on the mountain was kind of brown with layers of weeds grown on top of it, but the weeds didn’t look like they were growing well. They appeared sick to the point of dying. Although there were some crooked trees, they appeared to be malnourished and stunted in growth as well.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help from sighing as he saw this. He kinda knew why the nobles put him here and why Greene sold all of the family’s resources before coming here. This was a dead land. Even if they worked hard later on, it would be impressive just being able to eat a mouthful of food. Buda family using here to start rising up again? That’s basically a fool’s dream.
Zhao Hai quickly walked forward as he watched the bustling mineshaft caves. He soon got inside, but Maylin and Meg were too busy ordering the slaves around to notice that he had come.
This mine cave was built by dwarves, but the opening was very large, about more than 3 metres tall and 5 metres wide. Inside was a large empty land with holes big and small all over the walls like a city within a mountain. Even if humans lived here, accommodating up to 10000 wouldn’t be a problem.
Zhao Hai was shocked by the scenery before his eyes. He never thought that the dwarves could actually create such a city cave. It was too shocking for him.
He looked inside. The cave ceilings were all reinforced with stones into arches. What mineshaft? It’s basically an underground base.
Zhao Hai nodded subconsciously. This was too good. If this place was cleaned, it could not only be used to raise blue-eyed rabbits but also serve as a secret base. But time was still needed to tidy this place up, so now they didn’t have the time to do that just yet.
Meanwhile, Maylin saw Zhao Hai and she walked up to him in a hurry, “What are you doing here, young master? It’s dirty here. You should go back to the castle.”
Zhao Hai smiled slightly, “Nothing. I’m just here to see how this place has become. Granny Maylin, how many more of such caves are on the mountain?”
Maylin replied hurriedly, “There are only 2 caves that are this large on the mountain. One is this cave facing the castle. The other is on the other side of the mountain. The remaining ones are small tunnels. There are about dozens of such tunnels.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Are the caves interconnected? How deep is this one? We need to build fences, or the blue-eyed rabbits will never get caught if they’re raised right here.”
Maylin replied as she looked at Zhao Hai, “Don’t worry, young master. These caves are connected since it’s a dwarf habit. But tunnels are usually built under mineshafts. To ensure that there are no cave-ins, they wouldn’t dig overlapping tunnels. However, right now the caves are filled with water, and we don’t know how deep it is, so that way had become a dead end. Please don’t worry and just use this place.”
Zhao Hai smiled and nodded, “Very well then. We can’t deal with the cave on the other side of the mountain for time being, so this cave is just fine. Repair the road leading here and block up the tunnel. There’s water inside and we don’t need to worry about blue-eyed rabbits running away, but we also have to prevent them from drowning.”
Maylin nodded, “Leave it to me, young master. I know what to do. This isn’t the kind of place for you. Please head back.”
Zhao Hai smiled slightly, “Don’t worry, I’m not in a hurry. You go and make yourself busy, granny Maylin. I’m going to see if the water can be used.”
Maylin nodded, “Then I’ll go with you. I’m a water mage, and I know about water. I believe I can be of help, young master.”
Zhao Hai laughed, “Good. There’s nothing around here anyway, so there’s no need for you to work that hard, granny Maylin. It’s good that you’re coming along with as well.” He strode towards the mineshaft after speaking.
Maylin followed behind Zhao Hai as well as Blockhead and Rockhead, while Meg didn’t move because she still had to look out for the slaves.
The four of them soon entered the mineshaft. It was sloping downward, but the angle wasn’t too steep. There were signs that there were minecart tracks, but they had been lifted. Only brown flooring stones were left.
As they walked down for several hundred metres, Zhao Hai saw an underground lake. Yes, it could only be described as an underground lake, because the surface was too broad. He couldn’t tell how large its size was at all using the light from the entrance. He could only hear some water sounds.
Just then, a sudden flash of white light came next to Zhao hai. He looked at it curiously and saw that Maylin’s hands were glowing like a lantern was in her hands.
But he soon understood that this was magic, and from Adam’s memories, this was a type of light-based illumination magic. It didn’t have any offensive, defensive or healing abilities, so its only use was to serve as a light. It’s a magic that any mage, even a magic student, could use because only illumination magic had no element restrictions whatsoever.
Zhao Hai just took a quick glance and turned his head back. He borrowed the light to measure this underground lake. He found out that calling it an underground lake would be totally correct. The surface area of it was much larger than common underground lakes. It could be described as ‘no end in sight’. What made Zhao Hai feel incredible about it was that there were actually several small islands in the lake, but the surface areas of them weren’t large. Only dozens of square metres, and they were like pillars, reaching up high and down below.
Zhao Hai spoke to Maylin in confusion, “Do you know what those pillar-like things are for, granny Maylin?”
Maylin smiled, “Your eyes aren’t deceiving you, young master. Those are pillars. They were left behind by the dwarves to support the entire mountain. Those platforms are like command posts. When dwarves worked, there would be some of them there who would command the ones below. The water that you see here was actually dug out already. You can say that this is a lake.”
Zhao Hai’s eyes sparkled and then laughed loudly, “Excellent! This is too good! We can raise fishes here, and lots of them. This is truly a natural treasure, hahahaha!”
Maylin looked around and said, “Not a bad idea, young master, but we still have to take a good look. If this is stagnant water, then there’s no way to raise fishes, but this doesn’t seem to be it. I feel that the water element here is still active, but there lies the problem of water paths. If there’s a river flowing in, there must be an exit as well. Otherwise, the water couldn’t possibly stay at this level. If there’s an exit for this water, then no matter how many fish buds we’re throwing at it, they might all go out through the exit.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Yeah, this is a big problem, and I discovered that the moat has this problem as well. Looks like we have to solve it first.” He turned to Maylin and continued, “Granny Maylin, gather some water. I want to bring it back for research.”
Maylin didn’t know what Zhao Hai meant, but she still complied. Her hands moved, and a 1 metre diameter ball of water rose up from the surface slowly, before stopping in front of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai’s mind sighed at the marvel of magic once again, but he didn’t just watch. With a thought, he put the large ball of water into his storage of the space.
After the water was stored, Zhao Hai sensed that the space didn’t give him notifications. It seemed that the water really went into the storage. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel in awe that the storage was really amazing. It could even store water.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 15 – Level Up
What Zhao Hai didn’t know what that Maylin was shocked beyond words. Maylin was a mage. A level 8 water type mage.
On Ark Continent, mages were split into 10 levels. Levels 1 to 3 were called magic students, levels 4 and 5 were called low-level mages, levels 6 and 7 were called middle-class mages, levels 8 and 9 were called high-class mages, and level 10 was said to a legendary godlike existence.
It’s not easy being a mage. First, one needed magical talent and aptitude. In 10 mages, 5 of them would be magic students for life, and the in the other 5, 3 would be low-level mages for life. Only the remaining 2 would only be middle-class mages. There was only 1% chance of a high-class mage showing up. This was only among mages. The amount of people on the continent who would have magic talent is 1 out of 10000. This ratio was especially horrifying.
Hench why there were a few mages on the continent, and even fewer high-class mages. A level 8 mage like Maylin would be treated like a guest in any country, but Maylin and Greene being part of the Buda family, they helped the family with all their hearts. It was also because of this that Axu Empire’s king didn’t eradicate the family and simply sent them here.
A high-class mage like Maylin was very sensitive to changes in magic elements. They could immediately sense someone using magic within 1000 metres.
On Ark Continent, only one magic had the ability to store things up in such a fashion: spatial magic. The odds of people learning magic were 1 out of 10000, and the odds of someone learning spatial magic would be 1 out of a billion. There were only finger-countable spatial mages on the continent, and their levels were not high. They had no way of opening up their own space.
Indeed, there were remnant spatial tools made by ancient spatial mages. These tools were used to store things. Spatial mages used their own magic to open up a storage space, and then used unique materials and magic formations to seal a space onto an object. This formed a storage equipment. In order to do this, the spatial magic energy would have to be at least at the level of high-class mages, and only 5 storage equipment could be made in one’s lifetime, so these storage tools were extremely rare on the continent. They would naturally be very precious.
Maylin knew very clearly that the family didn’t have such a storage tool, so in other words, this ability was Zhao Hai’s own. But Zhao Hai drank the Water Of Void. It’s impossible for him to learn magic and battle aura, so he naturally couldn’t be a spatial mage. Maylin also didn’t sense a trace of magic waves. It’s like the ball of water suddenly disappeared.
There were only 2 possibilities for this situation. One was that Zhao Hai’s magical energy was higher than Maylin’s and he could hide his own magic waves completely and not let her find out. But this was impossible, because Zhao Hai drank the Water Of Void, and he could never learn magic.
Another was that what Zhao Hai was using wasn’t magic or magic tools. He didn’t use them, so naturally, Maylin couldn’t feel magic waves.
Zhao Hai turned to look at Maylin’s expression. He smiled and said, “Don’t panic, granny Maylin. I’ll tell you what’s going on in a few days. This might be an ability the heavens gave me.”
Maylin nodded and didn’t ask further. It was fine as long as Zhao Hai wasn’t in danger. Besides, having this ability would only be a good thing instead of bad.
Zhao Hai looked at the water surface and found out that there was nothing else to see. He turned to Maylin and said, “Let’s go back, granny Maylin. When grandpa Greene gets back, we can start these plans immediately.”
Maylin nodded, “You should hurry back, young master. You don’t need to concern yourself with matters here. There’s me and Meg.”
Zhao Hai laughed, “Alright, but granny Maylin, don’t work yourselves too hard now. Just let the slaves do those things. You two should just watch. There’s no rush. We just need to clean up the cave before grandpa Greene gets back.”
Maylin laughed, “Young master has really grown up. You know how to care about others now. Don’t worry, young master. My old bones can still hold up. You just go back to the castle, and I will make you lunch in a while when I get back.”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Good. Then I’ll head back now.” He led Blockhead and Rockhead back out of the cave after that.
Maylin looked at Zhao Hai’s back and mumbled, “The ancestors bless Buda family. I never imagined that young master would gain such a powerful ability. The family has a hope of rising again now.”
Zhao Hai led the twins back to the castle. He entered his room as he wanted to look at what was special about the black soil and lake water in a hurry.
Once he entered the room, Zhao Hai spoke to the twins, “Don’t go in with me now. The two of you stay here. If granny Maylin comes, stall her for me. Say that I’m sleeping.”
Zhao Hai also wanted to see if the twins would listen to him, because when he first brought them to the farm, he felt that the two of them had a large change of attitude towards him, as if they harbored a reverence towards him. He also felt that the two of them would listen to him, so he wanted to test if they would stay.
Who knew that the two bowed down to Zhao Hai without further ado and said, “Yes, young master.” They walked out of the door and even closed the door. They then stood at the left and right sides of the door to the room, acting as bouncers.
Zhao Hai didn’t expect that the two of them would be so compliant. But this was a good thing. He soon slipped into the farming space.
Once he entered the farm, Zhao Hai made a quick thought, and the black soil appeared right in front of him. Before he even had the chance to speak, the notification came, <Discovered new item: Altered soil. Contains large amounts of harmful substances. Can be modified using space soil or space water. Daily amount modified: 10 acres. Space has levelled up to level 3 due to the discovery of new item types. Gifting 2 sacks of corn seeds. Every sack can plant 1 acre. Can be brought out of space for use. With soil as a new item, the soil inside the space has automatically levelled up into level 2 soil. Can increase crop maturity speed to 11 times.>
Zhao Hai looked blankly and was then delighted. He didn’t know he could level up this way. Excellent. He even got 2 acres of corn seeds. Corn is good, and production quantity is quite high. If the space is planted full of corn, then the family’s food problems would more or less be solved. Most importantly, the black soil could be modified by space soil and water. This was too good of a news.
Even though only 10 acres of soil could be modified each day, it was good enough. The space was levelling up bit by bit. The farm was now level 3, but the area size didn’t become larger. It’s unknown when the soil in the space would become larger once more.
Just when he thought about it, the notification sound came again, <Do you wish to open up new soil? Soil opening requires level 3, 200 gold coins. Can expand soil area: 2 acres. Next soil opening requires level 5. Gold coins needed: 500.>
Zhao Hai was greatly delighted. It was as if someone would send him a pillow if he wanted to sleep. What he thought, it would come. But then he found a problem. If he opened soil now, then he would have no money to buy seeds. He wouldn’t be able to bear it completely if he sold those radishes to Shop. If he planted the corns and then sold them to space, it seemed like it would be underprofiting. The key issue here was where to plant the seeds.
Zhao Hai thought of this and didn’t expand his soil immediately. He took out the corn seeds first. A small sack of corn seeds appeared in his hands. He opened it softly and let out some seeds. Golden yellow seeds with bloated shape, and every single one of them looked full. It must be the highest grade of seeds upon a single look. If the corns reached maturity at the right time, the taste would be even better.
Zhao Hai looked blankly, and then a thought flashed through his mind. He smacked his own head and said, “That’s right. How did I forget? All of the plants can sprout their own seeds. Even radishes. Can the radishes in the space form their own seeds? If they can, then I don’t need to buy the seeds myself, hahahaha.”
Zhao Hai stored the corn seeds. He didn’t open up new soil in a hurry. Instead, he looked at the radishes in the ground. He didn’t know if the things planted in the space soil could also form seeds like in the game. If they couldn’t, then he would be in big trouble, so he didn’t open up the soil immediately and waited until the radishes matured for a time. If the radishes could really form seeds, then he would open up land. If they couldn’t, he would only have to push back his schedules.
When Zhao Hai thought about this, he brought out the large ball of water. When it appeared in front of him, it maintained the form of being a water ball. This was also Zhao Hai’s ability. He didn’t have the ability to turn water into this when outside the space, but he could do it in the space.
As soon as the water ball was out, the notification came immediately, <New item discovered. The new item is: Underground river water. Quality: Excellent. Nutrients in the water can be improved using space water. Due to the discovery of a new item, the space is now level 4. Rewarding wheat seeds, 2 sacks. Each sack can plant: 1 acre. With water as the new item, space water is now level 2. Can increase plant growth speed: 11 times.>
Once he heard the notification, Zhao Hai couldn’t hold back his hearty laughter. This was too great. He didn’t expect that the 2 things from outside could actually level up the space twice. He even got 4 sacks of seeds, and the space soil and water had even levelled up. It really was too great!
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 16 – Ratio
Zhao Hai simply tossed the water into the water spring in the space. It wasn’t poisonous anyway and the water quality wasn’t bad. Just let it go to where it belonged.
Zhao Hai then shifted his eyes to the unprocessed black soil. It wasn’t a lot as it was just half a metre tall pile.
Now Zhao Hai knew he could use the space soil and water to modify this black soil, but he didn’t go and do it in a hurry. He wanted to test things out and find the best way to do so.
He looked at the pile of black soil for a moment and said, “Shovel, turn it into 10 equal portions.”
Immediately after Zhao Hai’s command ended, the shovel didn’t move, and the black soil moved by itself into 10 equal portions. Zhao Hai couldn’t help from being happy from the sight of this. It seemed that anything that entered this space would be able to move according to his will. This was really too good.
Once Zhao Hai thought of this, he decided to test it out. He said, “Space, calculate the best ratio of space soil and space water to modify the black soil.”
<Credentials exceeded. Unable to calculate!>
(Count me sideways! Counting on high and low isn’t better than counting on myself. I guess I’ll earn my own living.) Zhao Hai cursed under his breath. He filled the bucket next to the spring and brought it over, and then he used the shovel to dig the space soil.
The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to calculate the ratio was because he feared using too much of the soil and risk reducing the soil of the space. If that happened, he would really lose more than he would gain.
Now the space was Zhao Hai’s greatest crutch. If the space were destroyed, then all of his plans would burst like a bubble, unable to be fulfilled. He would go back to extreme poverty and watch over this dead land, waiting to die.
It was out of such consideration that Zhao Hai sought to calculate the best ratio of space soil and space water to modify the black soil. It would not only improve the black soil in the best way, but also spare the space soil and water from being used too much.
The space’s basic premise was the same as the game Zhao Hai played right now, but it became Zhao Hai’s final backing. He couldn’t be as carefree as it was in the game. Every step had to be calculated.
First, Zhao Hai poured the water onto the black soil and noticed its changes carefully while calculating the ratio of the two.
When the space water was poured onto the black soil, it was like enchanted dew from Guan Yin’s willow branch bottle. The black soil displayed changes. The sand-like black soil lost its oil-like blackness bit by bit, becoming its own unique color. Meanwhile, the sand-like particulates within were also disappearing slowly, becoming normal soil in the process.
When the black soil was completely improved, Zhao Hai calculated carefully. It was around 15:1 ratio. In other words, he could change a pile of black soil using 1/15 of water.
Zhao Hai was quite satisfied with this result. This meant that space water’s improving power was very strong towards the black soil. Then he put some space soil onto another pile of black soil. This time the changes displayed by the black soil was somewhat different from using space water. The black soil after being modified by the space soil, looked like it was extra fertile compared to the one using space water. But the ratio of space soil used to black soil was 10:1 (10 parts black soil and one part space soil).
Zhao Hai then turned to the 3rd pile. This time he used 9:1 space water and space soil to improve the black soil. The result was a success, but the changes of the black soil weren’t any different from the one changed by only the space water.
And then 8:2. Still the same. 7:3. Still the same. 4:6, the black soil became as fertile as the pile modified by space soil alone. And then 5:5. Not any different from 4:6.
Now Zhao Hai didn’t need to test things any longer. Using 4:6 space water and space soil ratio to improve the black soil was the most rational choice in terms of results. It wouldn’t cause too much waste, and the black soil quality after improvement was the best.
With these test results, Zhao Hai was very satisfied. He put the water bucket back to its original spot and put the soil back to the ground before leaving the space.
Back in his room, Zhao Hai sat there quietly. He arranged the gains of the space this time. The soil levelled up. He could open some soil. He found the best ratio to improve the black soil. Now he should begin preparations to improve the black soils. It was now April, and if he didn’t start acting, it would be past the ideal time of agriculture.
Although Zhao Hai still didn’t know how to differentiate the 5 grains, he still knew some basic knowledge, like ‘plant in spring, harvest in autumn’. It was just spring break right now, so it was about time to plant seeds.
Now he had 200 gold coins in space, 6 sacks of farm grass seeds, 2 sacks of Napa cabbage seeds, 2 sacks of corn seeds, and 2 sacks of wheat seeds. The storage also had a batch of 80000 kilo’s yield of radishes. These were all of his capital.
Good thing that the seeds could be brought out of space for use. In other words, he just needed to improve the outside soil before he could plant the seeds from the space.
Once he thought of this, Zhao Hai walked out. He wanted to measure the land to improve it in a better way. Just then, he saw Blockhead and Rockhead guarding the door. It seemed that no one came to look for him.
Zhao Hai nodded to both of them, “Blockhead, go get a roll of rope and a ruler. We’re going to measure the land.” Blockhead didn’t know why Zhao Hai wanted to do it, but he still complied and went to look for the things.
Because they had to come to Black Wastelands, which had nothing at all, Greene seemed to have prepared all of life’s essentials, and most of them were grains, seeds and various necessities. Things like ropes and rulers were naturally prepared a lot.
Rockhead didn’t hurry and look for things. Instead, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “It’s almost lunchtime soon, young master. Granny Maylin had come back to make you lunch. Let’s eat before we go.”
Zhao Hai was startled. He looked at the sky, and it was approaching noon indeed. Now that Rockhead mentioned it, he also started feeling hungry. He nodded and said, “Alright. Then let’s wait until after we eat.” He led both of the twins to the dining hall after that.
When the 3 arrived at the dining hall they saw that Maylin and Meg were just putting the utensils on the table. Maylin bowed down to Zhao Hai after seeing him arrive, “You’ve come, young master. I was going to let Meg tell you to come eat.”
Zhao Hai smiled, “We’re here, granny Maylin. Don’t let the slaves clean up the mineshaft during the afternoon and just wait until tomorrow. The blue-eyed rabbits won’t be coming here right now anyway. Instead, go and prepare rulers and ropes to measure the black soil outside. One ruler every 10 acres. We have to mark them. It’s almost time for spring planting, right? We have to seize the time.”
Once Maylin heard Zhao Hai say that, her expression went bad and said, “Young master, the black soil can’t be used for planting at all. Even though we bought a lot of seeds, they were meant for planting on the mountain. It’s a waste to plant them into the black soil. It’s also useless to measure it.”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Don’t worry, granny Maylin. I have a way to improve the black soil outside and turn it into a fertile plantable soil. You just need to be in charge of measuring it.”
Maylin’s eyes sparkled, “Is it true, young master? You really have a way to change the soil outside? Turn them into plantable soil?” Her voice was somewhat shaky as she was too excited. The entire area of Black Wastelands was the largest of all of Axu Empire, about ⅓ the latter’s total area size. It’s just it had never been counted as part of the empire’s land due to being a barren land.
But if all of it could suddenly be used for agriculture and produce crops, then what would it become? It would become the most lucrative and eye catching place of the entire Axu Empire.
No matter how Ark Continent was a magical civilization, the people put even more importance on things like magic spells, martial techniques, and magic crystal mines. But no matter which era or in which dimension, agriculture is a country’s foundation. It’s an indisputable fact.
People treat food as the heavens. No matter how powerful your magic is, you can’t eat it! No matter how great your martial skills are, you too have to eat! Even a country full of money cannot possibly plant nothing. No country wouldn’t make food as the top priority of the people’s livelihoods, and leave it to other countries to decide instead. If it were really the case, then that country that would do so wouldn’t be too far from its demise.
If all of Black Wastelands could be plantable, then it would undoubtedly become the entire continent’s largest food source. No other place like this could be found on the continent, so flat and suitable for agriculture.
And most importantly, which was also why Maylin was excited, was because in order to truly let Buda family unable to have any chance of rising again, His Majesty Aboyye, under the witness of church representatives and ones from other countries, made an agreement with Buda family, that under the witness of god, Black Wastelands would be Buda family’s permanent fief.
Do not underestimate this agreement. This was witnessed by other countries’ representatives and had the approval of church, which meant having god’s witness. Anyone who dared going against this agreement would be an act of disrespect towards god. It would warrant the attacks from all the forces on the continent and punishment from god.
This agreement also had a trait. Because other countries witnessed it, even if Axu Empire perished and another country took over, Black Wastelands would still be Buda family’s. Any empire would have no right to take it away, including the church. Think about it. What would it become if Zhao Hai completely improved the soil? Zhao Hai would gain the largest fief on Ark Continent, and one of permanence, with no one able to take it away!
How could Maylin not get excited? If Zhao Hai could really improve the soil, then Buda family would become the richest and most powerful family on Ark Continent!
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 17 – Lunatic
On Ark Continent, it wasn’t as if no one studied Black Wastelands in the past. More than 1000 years ago, a famous high-class wood mage joined with several water mages and alchemists, with elves who had the most knowledge about plants, studied the Black Wastelands in an attempt to revert the state of the soil and turn it into the continent’s largest food source.
Yet after 20 whole years of research, they had not been able to make Black Wastelands grow a single blade of grass. They could do nothing but give up quietly.
No one had ever studied Black Wastelands from that point onwards. People thought that there was no longer any value in doing so. It would be a waste of time.
This actually had a big relation to Ark Continent’s basic circumstances. The headcount on Ark Continent wasn’t small, but the area sizes were even larger. There were many plantable lands, so there were no food shortages, and that was why agriculture didn’t have a huge attention from people of the continent.
But because of how relatively peaceful it had become in these years and there weren’t a lot of large scale wars, population increase got quick, so some smaller countries now had food shortages. Yet the continent’s 5 large empires were having stable seasons, which hadn’t developed this situation yet. No widespread attention was raised as a result.
Don’t forget that there were slaves on Ark Continent. It was nothing if food prices were rising. Just decrease the food that slaves eat. As long as they wouldn’t starve to death.
Of course, the slave owners wouldn’t say that their slaves had food cuts. In fact, the slave owners wouldn’t even talk about their slaves. They would rather talk about women and moonlight. Just not slaves. That’s why no one on the continent realized that food crisis was getting closer and closer to them.
The continent was peaceful now and various countries’ economies were developing nicely, and that was the reason goods’ prices were climbing up. But the ones in power didn’t realize that while the economy was hiking, the living standards of most citizens had not increased. In fact, the quality of their lives had lowered a lot, not to mention the slaves’.
When a country’s economy booms, the goods’ prices go up naturally. But when prices go up and the civilians’ incomes weren’t increased, it naturally makes a lot of civilians unable to support themselves. Not being able to eat meant that more people would become slaves, and social contradiction would intensify.
Of course, Maylin didn’t know these things. She only knew that food was expensive on the continent. If Zhao Hai could really turn the unbearing Black Wastelands into fertile pastures, then it wouldn’t be impossible for Buda family to develop.
Zhao Hai looked at Maylin’s excited look. He simply smiled, “Yes, granny Maylin. This is an ability which I got, but I can only change 10 acres of soil every day, so you have to organize them at the afternoon to measure as much land as possible. First, we’ll set 1000 acres as the standard. We can’t do more if we exceed that, so stop after 1000 acres.”
Maylin nodded in excitement, “Alright, young master. I will arrange it immediately.” Maylin attempted to walk out after that.
Zhao Hai blocked her in a hurry, “Hold it, granny Maylin, don’t rush yourself. You can do it after lunch. Oh yeah, we must not measure too much, and not too far from the castle. Don’t let other people discover this ability of mine. Otherwise, with our current power, we can never defend ourselves against ‘those fellows’. “
Maylin was also someone who saw how the world works. Once she heard Zhao Hai’s words, she calmed down immediately and nodded, “Alright, I understand, young master. Leave this to me.”
Neither Zhao Hai nor Maylin realized that Meg who was standing behind Maylin was now looking at Zhao Hai with eyes full of infatuation.
Whenever Zhao Hai appeared before, Meg would keep her head down. But now she had raised her head and looked at Zhao Hai clearly. There was no longer the look of hiding around whenever Zhao Hai was near.
Meg grew up with Adam when they were little. Because Adam was 2 years older than her, when they played, Meg would be Adam’s tail. Wherever Adam went, Meg would be there. If Meg was bullied by other kids, Adam would fight for her, so she felt affectionate towards this ‘young master brother’ of hers since little.
But as they grew up, they slowly became knowledgeable. Meg knew Adam was her young master. She could no longer call him her ‘big brother’, because she’s a girl. Adam also stopped playing with her from that point on, so she was very sad.
A little older, Adam knew a lot of other young masters as friends. It was also during that time that Adam started going bad, and it seemed that he forgot about his childhood playmate.
When they got even older, Adam had gone worse from there, while Meg had become more and more beautiful and knowledgeable. She even displayed great magical talent. She and Adam were on two completely different paths, but Meg was less and less happy over time. She tried to stop Adam when she saw him fooling around every day, but it was useless. Even her grandfather’s words wouldn’t phase Adam, not to mention her. She hoped with all her heart that the time would return. Back to when they were little. To when her ‘young master brother’ would fight for her and play with her every day, so that he would return to her side.
People always say that a maiden’s love is like poetry. Meg was just like that. She always hoped that Adam could go back his original self one day, but reality had shattered her dreams mercilessly. Adam actually tried to rape her.
When Adam walked towards her with lewd chuckling, she felt that her own world had crumbled. Those once beautiful memories had left her far away. Although she escaped her fate, she seemed to have lost her soul. Her world lost all colors since then. Everyday was passed in a dull and lifeless manner.
It was then that disaster struck. Buda family was at the moment of life or death. She watched with her own eyes at the people who lived with her since she was little, leave Buda family one by one, and the place she lived at since little was taken away by the king. She watched Adam being force fed the Water Of Void, who then went into a coma. She watched her own home vanish in such a short time.
And then they arrived at Black Wastelands, this barren land, yet Adam hadn’t woken up. She watched her own grandparents getting busy each day in order to let Buda family continue on. They worked ceaselessly, like a drowning person making one final struggle.
Meg was just a hapless girl. She couldn’t bear the sudden continuous impacts in her life. If it weren’t for her grandparents being at her side, she probably would’ve broken down and committed suicide.
But not long after their arrival in Black Wastelands, Zhao Hai came. Meg knew that her young master changed. He was no longer that ignorant young master who only knew about fooling around day in and day out. He also became mature and knew how to work hard for the family.
First, it was magic radishes, and then blue-eyed rabbits, and now black soil improvement. She suddenly discovered that her young master had become a stranger, yet he slowly became merged with that perfect young master image in her heart.
Meg realized that Adam now had something that was attracting her. His disposition was no longer that foolish and scary one that she was afraid of. It had now become a kind of grounded and natural disposition, making people want to approach him.
She liked seeing Adam being full of confidence, and she also liked seeing his warm smile. She also liked how Adam had an unnatural, remorseful expression when he saw her. Without being aware of it, her maiden’s heart had once again attached itself to Adam.
Maylin didn’t notice Meg’s changes. After talking to Zhao Hai, she immediately walked towards the kitchen. This let Meg snap out of it. She immediately lowered her head and followed Maylin into the kitchen with a red face before bringing the food out.
They were still eating together, but Maylin and other were eating very quickly. They finished their food in only a few mouthfuls, and then Maylin and Meg went outside, who seemed to get ready to organize people to measure the land.
Zhao Hai looked at Maylin and could only smile at her look. He understood Maylin’s feelings. Maylin always assumed that Black Wastelands was a land of death. Someone suddenly said to her now that he could turn a land of death into a land of life. This was like someone telling another who got a terminal illness that ‘Your disease can be cured’. How could they not get excited?
Zhao Hai finished up his lunch slowly and then led Blockhead and Rockhead out of the castle. Once outside, they saw that Maylin and others had already led the slaves to measure the land.
The slaves didn’t have special skills, but they had planted things before. It wouldn’t be good to let them do something else, but measuring land and planting? They were completely up to the task.
10 acres of land were measured immediately while Maylin and others weren’t doing anything. They just looked at Zhao Hai idly and see if he could really change the soil.
Zhao Hai looked at the 10 acres of soil. He was frozen in place. He had seen how large 10 acres of soil was in the space, but he didn’t need to care about planting and harvesting in there. Now that he had to improve this 10 acre soil, he really didn’t know what to do. Could he still control the space soil and water once away from the space?
Just now when in the space, he forgot about this matter when he was preoccupied with calculating the ratio. Now what could he do? Bring out the space soil and water bit by bit and spread them onto the soil?
Just when Zhao Hai was getting impatient, the notification from space suddenly came, <Do you wish to improve the soil in front of you? YES / NO > With the voice, a projected screen appeared in front of him, and on it were two buttons. One YES, and one NO.
Zhao Hai was very delighted. He immediately pressed YES, but he realized that his hand passed through the projected screen while touching nothing. The screen and the buttons were locked in place, and he instead became like a dancing lunatic.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 18 – Jolted
Maylin and others looked at Zhao Hai idly. They didn’t know what he was moving his hands around for. Could it be that he had no way to improve the soil?
Maylin’s heart sank. She knew that Zhao Hai changed greatly during recent time, but the changes were towards a good way, so she didn’t think much of it. She only thought that Zhao Hai had matured after a great change, but now that she looked at Zhao Hai acting this way, she couldn’t help from worrying. She was afraid that Zhao Hai went silly from the intense pressure.
Zhao Hai was also embarrassed. He was used to using computers. He could help but trying to click or point. Because there wasn’t a mouse cursor, he could only use his hands to point them, but he actually totally forgot that it wasn’t a screen in front of him. It was just a projection.
Zhao Hai scratched his head and immediately yelled in his mind, <YES!>. And then the notification came, <Please enter the area size. Your current largest area size is 10 acres.>
An input bracket then appeared in front of him with a blinking cursor in it. Zhao Hai’s mind thought of 10 acres. Then, the number ‘10’ appeared in the the input bracket with a unit behind it saying ‘acre’.
Zhao Hai thought that he could start modifying the soil this way, but the notification came yet again, <Please select the improvement method. Improve Using Space Soil / Improve Using Space Water / Custom Definition >
Zhao Hai was about to go mad with anger. He realized that Maylin and others were already looking at him with strange eyes, but there were a lot of troublesome things in the space. He immediately picked ‘Custom Definition’. He had calculated the best improvement ratio, so of course he had to define it himself.
As expected, after he picked ‘Custom Definition’, another input bracket appeared in front of him. The notification voice came again, <Please enter the ratio of space water and space soil.>
Zhao Hai immediately entered ‘6’ for space water and ‘4’ for space soil. Fortunately he only had to use his thoughts to input the numbers instead of using his hands to write them down. Otherwise, others would really think of him as a lunatic.
After this input, the space didn’t continue with the notifications, which finally put Zhao Hai at ease. Then a small pocket sized hole suddenly appeared next to him, and a greyish mixture flew out from the hole and landed right on top of the black soil in front of Zhao Hai.
The greyish mixture could not be determined if it were space soil or space water. It was simply like a cloud of grey dust. But when the mixture fell on top of the black soil, the black soil displayed rapid changes which the eyes could see. The crude oil blackness slowly became lighter, turning into a normal black color, which clearly contrasted the surrounding black soil.
And the greyish cloud that came from the space also landed in a very interesting manner. It was squarely on the 10 acres of area, no more and no less. It was even more square than what Maylin and others measured. A shallow trench was formed at the edges, separating the 10 acres from the surrounding soil, making it clear to others.
The hole next to Zhao Hai slowly disappeared after all 10 acres of ground were modified. Zhao Hai walked to the improved soil and took a handful of it. He took a closer look, and it became just like in his expectations: it had been turned into fertile black soil.
Zhao Hai held the soil and laughed loudly. He finally did it. These 10 acres of ground could be planted now. With this ability and this big stretch of land, it would be hard for him to starve.
Zhao Hai’s laughter also shocked everyone on the spot. They were standing still when the hole next to Zhao Hai appeared just now. They never experienced such a thing before and everyone lost their ability to speak for a moment, standing there stupidly as they watched the black soil in front of them change bit by bit.
They returned to their senses when Zhao Hai laughed. Almost everyone did the same thing as Zhao Hai without thinking. Whether it was the slaves or Maylin and others, everyone grabbed a handful soil and took a closer look.
Don’t mention Maylin and others. The slaves came from agricultural background themselves. Just one glance and they could tell that it was vastly different from the black soil earlier. It was the same as the soil they had planted on before. Perhaps even better than that.
And uncontrollably, everyone cheered. Although most of them were slaves, they weren’t fools. They knew what they were getting into after arriving at Black Wastelands, but they never thought that they could see such an amazing thing one day.
Maylin shed tears when her hand was still grabbing the soil. She never planted before, but she could tell the difference between improved soil and unimproved soil. This soil wasn’t simply just a stretch of ground. It was Buda family’s hope.
Meg was also excited to tears. She never thought that such a day of happiness would come this fast and this sudden. She imagined this before, but when the moment came she was still stunned and lost all of her ability to think and speak. Her entire self became like a wooden sculpture, but tears were flowing from her eyes uncontrollably.
Meg suddenly threw down the soil in her hand and ran towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai had calmed down now. Because he had the space, he didn’t treat soil improvement as importantly as Maylin and others did, so he also recovered relatively quickly.
Just then, Meg suddenly ran towards him and hugged. Zhao Hai was stunned now. He never expected Meg would come to hug him.
Zhao Hai knew the history between Adam and Meg, but he didn’t know the feelings Meg had for Adam. From Adam’s memories, he only had a desire towards Meg. It could be said that Adam was a real bastard in the past. He never put Meg in his heart and the memories since little were all blurred. And in the memories during growth, he didn’t have love towards Meg. Only desire.
Zhao Hai couldn’t possibly know Meg’s feelings towards Adam in this situation, so now that Meg was hugging him, he really froze up. What came over Meg?
Zhao Hai’s previous life was a homebody, and he had a bit of inferiority complex, so he never got a girlfriend. He never even touched girls’ hands before. He could be said to be a high class among otaku. A prime example of ‘still waters run deep’.
It was exactly because of this that Zhao Hai didn’t dare to face Meg after knowing what Adam did to her. He was afraid of facing her. He didn’t know if he should take responsibility for Meg or stay away from her as far as possible in order to avoid thinking about those unhappy things when he looked at Meg.
But Zhao Hai never thought that Meg would pull this off today. This really frightened him. He stayed still on the spot, not knowing whether to push Meg away or hug her.
Maylin also noticed Meg’s sudden behaviour. As someone who understood Meg the most, she clearly knew about the love Meg had for Adam, but it was also because of this that Maylin was very clear about how deeply Meg was hurt because of Adam’s past actions.
Maylin watched Meg every day during that time, fearing that Meg would kill herself. Although Meg didn’t do so, it was like she lost her soul. It pained Maylin when she looked at her, but she could do nothing, because she knew very well that a sickness of the heart was best healed by a medicine for the heart. No one could help Meg in this matter. The only one person who could help Meg herself was just Adam.
But Maylin had no hopes for Adam in the past. To be honest, she was completely disappointed in Adam at the time. If it weren’t for the fact that she and Meg were brought up by Buda family since little, she would’ve disregarded Adam.
But after waking up in Black Wastelands, Adam seemed to have become someone else. He became knowledgeable and steady, while he also got a very unique ability. Most importantly, he no longer fooled around like in the past, and he did things in an orderly manner with the finesse of a general. Of course, she didn’t know that he’s no longer Adam now, but Zhao Hai.
Maylin also noticed the changes in Meg in the past few days. Meg couldn’t control herself from peeking at Zhao Hai during these days, and she would even appear in front of him from time to time. This wouldn’t happen before.
After that incident, whenever Meg saw him, she would always hide. If she couldn’t hide, she would lower her head in order to avoid Adam’s attention as much as possible.
But in recent days, she actually showed up in front of Zhao Hai. To bring him water, to tell him to wake up, to take care of him. This confused Maylin greatly, but after looking at Meg’s behavior now, Maylin finally understood Meg’s intentions.
Meg let go of Zhao Hai after a while. Zhao Hai’s face was red. He never got this close with a girl from his past life till now. He had Adam’s memories, but dominant memories were still Zhao Hai’s own. He couldn’t really get used to Meg being this passionate.
Meg’s face was also red all over after letting go of Zhao Hai, but she was also better than Zhao Hai. Now Zhao Hai’s face was totally flushed. His lips opened and closed repeatedly, yet not a single word was out.
When Meg saw Zhao Hai this way, she suddenly snickered and threw a coquettish look at him before running away. Zhao Hai looked at Meg’s back and felt that he seemed to have drunk bottles of white spirits, drunken to the point of unable to think.
Meg was a beautiful girl. Zhao Hai liked seeing Meg, but because of what Adam did to her, he had a sense of guilt whenever he looked at her, so he also tried to hide from Meg in these days. Even if he was to be together with Meg, he tried not to be alone in doing so and have other people stay at his side.
But Meg’s hug and that look, had jolted Zhao Hai. This made him think that he and Meg, wouldn’t be impossible.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 19 – Selecting Crops
Zhao Hai led everyone back to their homes while Maylin and others were following as well. Zhao Hai let Maylin sit down when in the living room, but Meg stood behind him without a sound. She didn’t lower her head this time. Instead, she kept staring at the view of Zhao Hai’s back.
Zhao Hai had now calmed down. Even though Meg had jolted him and it made him remember about her rear view, he still had too many things to do, so he didn’t simply hurry up and engage in romance with Meg. The future of the whole of Buda family rested on his shoulders. He must first think of the survival issues more than 100 people had to face.
Maylin had gotten used to Zhao Hai’s method of approach by now, so she didn’t object. She sat down and looked at Zhao Hai excitedly, “What are we going to do next, young master?” By now, she was starting to seek Zhao Hai’s opinion unconsciously.
Zhao Hai thought for a bit and said, “Head outside after a while, granny Maylin, and pick some people who are best in planting things. Let them plant things on those 10 acres, and ask them what’s most suitable for this season. Oh right, do we have seeds?”
Maylin nodded, “Yes, we have many seeds right now, but most of the seeds are grains and ordinary vegetables, which are most suited for planting on mountains. The soil outside is so good, it would be a waste to plant those things.”
Zhao Hai nodded at Maylin, “Granny Maylin, when we make fire to cook while the current weather is somewhat cold, what do the slaves use to keep themselves warm?”
Maylin had a hard expression on her face, “Young master, back then we only thought about buying essential things, like magic stoves used to make meals and keeping warm in our original manor. But right now we have too little magic crystals to spare, so we can’t use magic stoves to keep warm and make meals. Right now we use dead trees and dried leaves on the mountain to do so.”
Zhao Hai nodded. It was evident that while ones in the noble level like Maylin and others were readying everything as much as they could, they didn’t know about an old Chinese saying: ‘7 starting matters: timber, rice, oil, salt, sauce, vinegar, tea.’
These seven matters are closely related to people’s lives, especially ‘timber, rice, oil, salt’, which were must-haves. One could tell the importance of timber when it was at the first place.
Because they’re always in a higher position, they didn’t know a lot about such things. Maylin and others brought a lot of supplies, but they didn’t prepare the most simple and important essential in life, timber, sufficiently.
Actually, the main reason was due to Black Wastelands being too deprived, to the point that even grasses looked half-dying. This was something Maylin and others didn’t expect.
The population on Ark Continent was large, but the area size was even larger. Timber wasn’t something precious at all. Crop barks, trees and branches in the woods to name a few. Wealthy people could use coal, while nobles normally used magic crystal powered magic stoves. There was absolutely no one who worried about timber. Even the poorest person wouldn’t fret over burning timber.
But in Black Wastelands, burning timber had become as precious as jewelry. There were only short trees and dried grass here. Other than those, there was nothing that could be used, so Maylin and others found out that although they prepared enough, they didn’t prepare the least notable thing on the continent. Black Wastelands lacked just this thing.
Maylin saw how Zhao Hai went speechless, and simply asked, “Young master, what do you want to plant on the soil?”
Zhao Hai was also thinking about this matter. Right now, the seeds in his possession were all suitable for planting outside. Wheat and farm grass could be planted. There was Napa cabbage as well, but the season didn’t match, so it couldn’t be planted. Yet wheat and farm grass weren’t at the right season as well, and farm grass was out of the question as there was no use for it now. Wheat was good, but it wouldn’t produce a lot of timber. Most importantly, wheat’s yield wouldn’t be high as well, so Zhao Hai didn’t want to plant it. Now it wasn’t the time for him to change the flavor of life. He had to solve Buda family’s problem first.
So now, Zhao Hai only had one choice left: corn!
Corn was good, and it was also a crop that Zhao Hai was most familiar with. That isn’t to say that Zhao Hai had planted it before by himself. It was just that near the city he lived at in the past, there were a lot of farming villages that planted corns. Corns don’t just have high yields. Most importantly, they’re also the primary crop for producing timber. Right now there are still many places in the northern villages that relied on corn stalks to act as firewood in winter.
But right now he only had 2 acres’ worth of corn seeds, while the improved soil was 10 acres. Not even enough.
Zhao Hai calculated what he had on hand with a frown. 200 gold coins in the space (could not be taken out of it), 6 sacks of farm grass seeds (each sack could plant 6 acres), 2 sacks Napa cabbage seeds (each sack could plant 2 acres), 2 sacks of wheat seeds (each could plant 2 acres), 2 sacks of corn seeds (each sack could plant 2 acres), a batch of radishes in storage that could sell for 500 gold coins in the space, but the gold coins couldn’t be taken out of it for use.
Right now, he could only open up 2 acres of soil in the space. Those 2 acres needed 200 gold coins. If he opened that, he would have no quarter.
Maylin watched how Zhao Hai was frowning. She didn’t know what he was thinking and she said nothing as well. She knew that rushing him would be useless. She was hoping that this ever miraculous young master in recent days would make another miracle.
Meg was also looking at Zhao Hai absentmindedly. She noticed that when Zhao Hai was thinking, he was especially charming. That deep sensation mesmerized her a lot.
Zhao Hai calculated the things on hand carefully, and he finally settled on a plan. He turned to Maylin and said, “Granny Maylin, find some people to clean up the mine caves in a while. Finish it up a little sooner. I will change another 10 acres of soil tomorrow, and then I’ll tell you what to plant. I’ll go and rest first.” He stood up to walk to his room after that.
Maylin didn’t know what Zhao Hai had in mind, but she chose to believe in him. He was performing really well recently, and he got a power she couldn’t understand. She believed that Zhao Hai would have a way.
Blockhead and Rockhead followed Zhao Hai to his room while Meg didn’t do so. She wanted to follow Maylin to organize the slaves in the cleanup. Maylin alone wouldn’t be enough.
Zhao Hai returned to his room in the fastest speed possible and let the twins guard the door. He slipped into the space in an instant.
The space was still the same. The soil and water had levelled up, but he couldn’t tell it with his eyes. Zhao Hai looked at the space carefully and noticed that there were no changes to the soil and water. They didn’t decrease from modifying the black soil. He breathed a sigh of relief.
Changing the soil outside of the space had a lot of benefits to him as well. If the space disappeared one day, he wouldn’t starve when he had a big stretch of soil outside.
But right now he was accumulating. The space’s existence was an immense help to him. If the space had any changes because of the black soil operation, then he would really lose it.
He looked at the radishes. They were about to mature soon. Zhao Hai spoke in a low voice, “Sell the radishes in storage.”
The notification asked, <Confirm the selling of items in storage?> Zhao Hai replied, “Confirm.” Then the notification came again, <Items in storage, sold. Obtained 500 gold coins, which had been put into the coin pouch. Your storage no longer has any products. Please plant hard.>
Zhao Hai didn’t have a choice. He originally wanted to leave the radishes there as they matured and wait to see if they could produce seeds. But it seemed that this experiment was too early. What he needed now were gold coins and things useful to him. The experiment would have to wait.
Now Zhao Hai’s personal fortune changed. 700 gold coins, and the seeds which he had.
After calculating what he had on hand, Zhao Hai said, “Open soil.”
The notification came again, <Opening new soil requires level 3, 200 gold coins. Conditions had been met. Do you want to open now?>
Zhao Hai replied, “Yes.” With his voice, a wave washed over the space. The fog surrounding the soil had a brief flash. After that, a little stretch of empty soil appeared next to the original 10 acres.
Zhao Hai saw that the 2 acres of new soil weren’t so different from the starting soil. Zhao Hai immediately said, “Plant corn on the soil.”
The seed sacks, shovel and water bucket cooperated together to plant corn on the 2 acres of soil. This was Zhao Hai’s plan.
Zhao Hai knew about corns. Unlike radishes, which are edible tube roots, corns are edible seeds. When corns mature, it means that corn seeds also matured. Even if radishes left their seeds, corns could do so as well. Now that he opened up 2 acres of soil, it was right for planting corn. When these corns matured, he would get both the seeds and stalks that could be used as firewood.
Planting an acre of corns required about 3 kilos of seeds, and an acre of corns would yield about a ton. In other words, he planted 2 acres of corns, which could yield at least 4000 kilos of corns. If these corns could be used as seeds, then he could at least plant up to more than 600 acres of soil. This was definitely a bargain.
Zhao Hai now hoped that the corns in the space would not be the same as the ones on Earth, that the seeds planted on their own would be inferior to the seeds bought. If the corns in space could really be used as seeds, then it would solve his greatest issue yet. He could then plant radishes in space and turn them into money. Plant corn outside and get stalks to burn with food to spare. This would establish a foundation for his future.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 20 – Experiment
Zhao Hai sighed in his mind as he watched the 2 acres being planted bit by bit. He finally understood the phrase ‘what is planted is hope’ now. Wasn’t he planting hope right now?
If the corns could have the effects he intended, then he would no longer need to worry about the development of his fief. But the results could only be seen after more than 10 hours.
The 2 acres were soon planted, but Zhao Hai didn’t leave the space. He just watched the radishes carefully as he still didn’t know when they would mature.
Once he thought about this, he smacked his own head in his eureka moment, “That’s right. I can ask the space! I remember that when I played Farm Game, there was a reminder function. Space, how long until the radishes reach maturity?”
The notification spoke, <3 minutes left before officially matured.> Not a single extra word was spoken.
Zhao Hai nodded and mumbled, “3 minutes. Mature in 3 minutes. 3 minutes and then I can store the radishes. Right, I gotta plant after that. Gonna buy another sack of radish seeds.”
Without further thought, Zhao Hai immediately spent 150 gold coins to buy a sack of radish seeds. Now his money was back to 350 gold coins.
But Zhao Hai didn’t mind. He had adjusted his course of development now. First, the Black Wastelands shouldn’t develop too fast. There were no means to do so, and if the development became too fast, it would attract attention. Then all of them would be dead for sure. So now, his focus of development should still be in the space.
If the space levelled up, then all of his developments wouldn’t be a problem. The space was his roots. No need to ready too many radishes. Just like he said, if he let out too many radishes at once, then the radishes wouldn’t be valuable. The one reaping the losses would still be himself.
Unfortunately, he didn’t have a cellphone and he couldn’t tell his thoughts to Greene. He just hoped that Greene wouldn’t bring back too large of an order.
Zhao Hai didn’t want to rely on the space too much before, because the existence of the space was too fantastic to him. He didn’t know when it would vanish, but if it did, and he had no holdings outside, then all of them would be doomed.
But now he had no choice but to rely on the space. If it levelled up, he would gain more things, and that way he would develop his fief better. But he must not relax on the modification of outside soil. If he couldn’t improve the soil properly, then if the space vanished, he would have nothing left.
Every step that he was taking must now be calculated carefully. They had to be the best for him, both in letting the space develop, and in letting the outside environment become better.
Widening the space needed money, which Zhao Hai was very clear about. His plantable soil had just been expanded once, so further expansions would need more money. When Zhao Hai played the game before, he had 2 accounts. The first was his old personal account with more than 400 internet friends. When he was playing, he could steal as many crops as he liked, and then he got more than he could spend on, which caused him to gradually lose interest.
The second account was a newly opened one. No friends added, and just his own self. He opened this account mainly to play Farm Game alone, and he mostly wanted to see what the consequences would be if he played it all by himself.
And he knew what consequences came; Dire consequences. At first it was fine, but when the farm reached for more than level 20, he opened the ranch and he was finished. His in-game money was absolutely lacking. He levelled up the farm’s soil, and he had no money to raise the ranch’s level. By the time he levelled up the ranch, he had no money to level up the farm. But with this, Zhao Hai knew how to better plot his schemes. He calculated the incomes of the farm and ranch, and then calculated which animal was the one best raised. He played in single player bit by bit.
His second account’s situation was very close to his current situation. Both had to level up bit by bit. He had some experience, but don’t forget that he had to use what’s in his space to modify the soil of his fief. That way, he would have a much tighter budget. He must calculate every step right now.
After fantasizing for a while, the notification rang, <Radishes have now matured. Please collect them soon.> Zhao Hai returned to his senses, but he didn’t let the space collect them immediately. He just eyed the radishes with thoughts in his mind.
When he stored the radishes last time, the leaves had disappeared. He figured that the space processed them like they were wastes. Of course he couldn’t waste them this way now. He still had to use them to feed blue-eyed rabbits.
Now that the radishes had matured, if he still let the space collect them the original way, then he wouldn’t be able to get the radish leaves. If he collected them himself…..
He looked at the 10 acres of radishes, and quickly dispelled those thoughts.
Now he only hoped that the space would really be as amazing as he thought it was. His requests would have to be done. Otherwise, raising blue-eyed rabbits would be a real issue.
In the space, when plants matured, using the space to collect them automatically would only result in edible parts or usable things being kept. Things like corn stalks and radish leaves would be treated as garbage. If this were a game then it wouldn’t be a problem. But right now Zhao Hai had to use those things to change his life. They could not be more important.
Zhao Hai frowned. He was truly afraid that if the space couldn’t collect the radish leaves according to his will, then his problem would be a big one.
After taking a deep breath, he calmed down his own feelings and spoke, “Collect the radishes. Collect the radish leaves and the radishes separately.”
Zhao Hai’s heart pounded after his words. He was really afraid that it would be a failure. If the radish leaves were gone, then he had to think of another way. The only way he could think of was to let the slaves come in and harvest the leaves. This would not only complicate matters, but also increase the chances of the space being exposed.
With his voice, the space made its reaction. One radish after another flew into the collection basket. When the radishes were collected, Zhao Hai took in another deep breath. He walked towards the storage and touched it with his hand.
Soon the things inside storage were listed in front of Zhao Hai’s eyes. Radishes at the first place along with the leaves, while other spots in the list were occupied by the supplies Zhao Hai kept in storage earlier.
Zhao Hai put his hand back and fistpumped with a cheer. He didn’t expect that the space would give him such a big surprise. This success wasn’t just in collecting things, but also in helping him understand the space further. The space could really obey him completely after all. He could tell the space to do everything.
Ever since the space appeared, Zhao Hai somehow had a surreal feeling that he was playing a particularly realistic game. He had always controlled the space according to the controlling program inherent within the game.
But this success made Zhao Hai understand that this space had really mutated. He was not just a controller in this space. The settings of the game he played would not necessarily be valid in this space. It could be said that he had a greater level of control here than in the game. Perhaps he himself was the god of this space. An unsurpassable existence.
Zhao Hai calmed down his emotions after a long while. He watched the space again and there was nothing he needed to be busy with. This prompted his leave.
Once he got out of the space, Zhao Hai couldn’t hold back his laughter. With the space’s existence, the Black Wastelands would then become the largest food source of all the continent. Just like his hometown, the northern wastes would surely become the northern food storage of China. But in real life, he must cut down the use of the space in his own assistance, and adapt to the feeling of having no space, because he always had an insecurity in his heart.
Zhao Hai was always afraid that the space would one day disappear. He had put the focus of development into the space only for the sake of letting it provide him with a greater assistance and develop his fief faster. That’s why he had no choice but to do so. He was a very pragmatic person. He didn’t believe in this he couldn’t see and touch. He only believed that the things that were in his hand could truly be called ‘his things’. 100 birds in the forest are not worth 1 bird in hand.
For Zhao Hai, the space was just like the internet on Earth: too illusionary. Although Zhao Hai was a homebody, he never met his internet friends. Because he didn’t believe in those illusionary things.
It was out of such mentality that Zhao Hai gave it his all to change the things in his reality. He would have a bit of security this way.
He never believed in luck, so when he was on Earth, he never bought lottery tickets. Every single cent he earned was through his own effort. He didn’t believe that people would give him money for no reason at all. He only believed that people could only get what they want through their own hard work.
Zhao Hai didn’t go outside after coming out of the space. The things he could do were too few for now. He still needed to think about his future developments in Black Wastelands.
Zhao Hai found out that he was somewhat inconsiderate in today’s modification of the soil, like he was being too rash and acted too recklessly. No one could guarantee that people wouldn’t come into Black Wastelands. If someone suddenly came here and found out that there were a large patch of growing plants in front of the castle, it would surely cause suspicion.
Zhao Hai mumbled when he thought of this, “Looks like I have to understand Black Wastelands carefully…..” He slept soundly after that.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 21 – Lakewater Problems
Zhao Hai woke up at dusk. The sky was pretty dark at this time and Maylin and others had returned. In order to conserve the supplies, Maylin and others wouldn’t go out at night. Even without the use of magic stones, using torches or oil lamps to light the way would need oil as well. They still had to conserve every bit of resources available for time being.
When Zhao Hai woke up, the slaves had already eaten. Until the time came for them to sleep, they could still roam around in the castle. There was no need to worry that they would escape. Letting them relax a bit would be good.
The slaves were chatting around while sitting in the castle garden. Compared to other places, their lives here were simply like in heaven. They could fill their stomachs everyday, they didn’t need to work too heavily, and they also rested enough everyday. They liked living these days too much.
When they came here, they were still in despair. They may be slaves but they had heard of what Black Wastelands was about all the same. Nothing grew here. Just a barren land that was a mountain away from Rotton Corpse Swamp. This was a land of death. They always thought that they would surely starve to death after coming to this place.
But they never expected that after just 2 days of coming here, they saw it clearly how their master was simply too capable. He could use amazing magic to turn the unplantable soil into a fertile field. There would be no worry of starvation again.
These people were just slaves, and there was no way they had seen people use magic before. In their impressions, there was nothing mages couldn’t do. Magic was always amazing beyond compare.
A better living standard than before, the attitude of treating them like common people, the temptation of leaving the status of slavery, plus incomparably amazing magic, these things put together were enough to make the slaves absolutely loyal to Zhao Hai. Without shape and form, the loyalty turned into a very large gathering power. Now the slaves weren’t working passively, but actively thinking about working more than usual, leaving the status of slavery sooner.
Zhao Hai stood inside the castle as he watched slaves outside quietly. He wanted to go and talk to the slaves, but he knew that now was not the time. These slaves had always been oppressed. When they saw nobles, they would become incredibly nervous. Forget about conversation. They might kneel down again without the courage to raise their heads.
Changing a person’s identity is easy, but changing the thoughts is very hard. It takes a long process to let them change their thoughts little by little. That’s why Zhao Hai didn’t approach the slaves now. The time was not yet here.
There’s a gradual order behind doing anything. Too urgent, and things might go bad. Even if it’s a success, the foundation might not be stable.
Undoubtedly, the improvement of the soil and the hope of leaving the status of slavery had let the lives of the slaves become filled with hope. They would also not be as dead tired as they were when they came here.
Zhao Hai liked to see the slaves performing this way very much. Only people filled with hope are creative and will unleash the greatest extent of their own abilities.
Just then, the door was knocked. Zhao Hai turned around and said, “Come in.”
The door was pushed open. Meg stood in front of the door while looking at Zhao Hai, “Young master, dinner is ready. It’s time to eat.” Blockhead and Rockhead were still standing outside the door, keeping guard.
Zhao Hai nodded. He also knew it was about time to have dinner, but he was a little sorry about things. In these two days, Maylin and others not only had to busy themselves with the slaves, they also had to make him dinner. It was too tiring.
Zhao Hai knew how to cook, but he didn’t have the courage to. Let’s not forget that his current identity was a playboy with a silver spoon in his mouth, and who didn’t wear clothes himself. How would he know how to cook? He could explain having the space as a special ability, since this was a continent with magic and battle auras, and there were a lot of characters with different abilities. His abilities wouldn’t be too eye-catching as a result. But if he suddenly knew how to cook, then it would raise Maylin’s and Meg’s suspicions.
When the few of them arrived in the dining hall, Maylin and others had already put the food on the table. They were still breads and vegetables, plus a meat and a pot of soup.
Actually speaking, a native born Chinese wouldn’t really get used to eating such things, but Zhao Hai couldn’t help it. Even if he wanted to eat Chinese meals, no one knew how to make them. Only he knew, yet he didn’t dare to. What a bind.
After eating a few mouthfuls of food, Zhao Hai spoke, “Granny Maylin, I think we’re getting too far ahead of ourselves today. It’s better that we don’t modify the soil tomorrow.”
Maylin was stunned, and she looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, “What’s wrong, young master? Why do you say that? Is it because you can’t improve the soil anymore? What will we do if that’s the case?”
Zhao Hai understood her meaning and he immediately replied, “I think you misunderstood, granny Maylin. It’s not that I can’t, it’s just we can’t improve the parts near the castle. Just think about it. Our current power is too weak. If we let ‘those fellows’ discover that we can turn this land into plantable ground, will they let us off? We’ll be finished.”
Maylin was also someone who had been through large tides. Today she was simply overcome by the joy of improving the soil, so she didn’t think about this aspect at the time. Now that Zhao Hai reminded her, Maylin immediately knew what he meant. He was very right. If the nobles of the empire discovered that they could improve the soil here, the nobles would surely come after them, and that would be their end.
Even though Buda family had signed an agreement with the empire, it was under the pretext that if Buda family had an heir. If a noble family no longer had an heir, then the family’s titles would be taken back by the empire, and naturally, the fief along with them.
‘The poor man committed no crime, but he was criminalized for having a jade’. That’s the moral.
Maylin put down her knife and fork, then nodded, “You are right, young master. We’re haven’t thought this through and we’re preoccupied with improving our lives. We forgot that those nobles wouldn’t simply let us go. What do you suggest, young master?”
Now, Maylin had increasingly emphasized Zhao Hai’s opinions because of the many things he did in the recent days. Everything was done thoroughly, and with his unique ability, made Maylin and others think of him as their axis without being aware of it.
Zhao Hai also put down his utensils and used the napkin to wipe his mouth lightly, then spoke, “Modifying the soil is still needed, but we can’t do it around the castle. It’s too obvious. Other people can see it if they come here. I want to see if there’s anywhere around here that’s very well hidden and can be improved. It doesn’t have to be too large. Just around a few thousand acres will satisfy all of our needs. It won’t be easily discovered this way.”
Maylin nodded, “You’re very right, young master. I’ll have people search around tomorrow and see if there’s anywhere suitable. Are we going to raise blue-eyed rabbits and scaleless fishes, young master?”
Zhao Hai replied, “Yes, we are. Scaleless fishes are very easy to raise anyway, and those people won’t discover a thing. Blue-eyed rabbits even more so. They will just think that we’re making a vain struggle. They won’t mind it.”
Maylin nodded, “Alright, but the water has some problem. I found out that our moat doesn’t seem to have fishes. Even the lake in the cave doesn’t have them. It doesn’t seem right.”
Zhao Hai was startled. This was also the first time he thought about this problem. He was just a homebody before, not a professional fisherman, so he never paid attention to this. On the other hand, Maylin the water mage had noticed this.
Zhao Hai was somewhat confused. Supposedly, the moat and the lake in the mountain should have a lot of fishes. The water didn’t have any problems. It was analyzed by the space. How could there be no fishes?
Zhao Hai asked Maylin, “Granny Maylin, do you know why it’s like that? I examined the water, and it had no problems. It’s an excellent source of water, totally suitable for fish to live in. But now we’re seeing no fishes. It doesn’t add up does it?”
Maylin frowned for a moment and replied, “Usually if a water doesn’t have fishes, there are only 2 possibilities. One is that there’s poison in the water, making it unsuitable for fishes to survive. The other is that there’s a ferocious water type magic beast in the water which ate all the fishes. If it’s really like what you said, young master, then there’s only the second possibility. That there’s a ferocious water type magic beast.”
Zhao Hai thought deeply and also thought that Maylin had a point. He remembered that when on Earth, he saw a news that a fisherman’s fish pond had a couple of powerful carnivorous fishes slipping into it. They ate all the fishes in the pond in the end. In here, it might be possible that there was that kind of magic beast. If it were really like that, then it’d be a troublesome matter.
Maylin looked at the frowning Zhao Hai and knew what he was thinking. Maylin consoled him as she said, “Actually young master, it’s not that hard to solve. If the water is toxic, it’ll be hard for us to do anything. If there’s a magic beast in the water causing a ruckus, we’ll just have to find it and kill it.”
Zhao Hai made a bitter smile. His thoughts were the exact opposite. If there’s poison in the water, he could easily use space water to detoxify it, but if there was a magic beast in the water, it would really spell trouble.
Maylin looked at how Zhao Hai was unhappy and she smiled, “Don’t worry, young master. If there’s really a magic beast in the water, I will kill it for sure. It won’t affect your grand plan of fish raising.”
Zhao Hai did a double take when he heard that, but then he understood. This wasn’t Earth. It’s not easy for you to go into the sea to kill a deep sea monster on Earth. But this was Ark Continent. There were powerful magics here, and Maylin just happened to be powerful water mage. Perhaps she might really have a way to exterminate the magic beast in the sea.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 22 – Mature
Zhao Hai frowned, “Is it dangerous? If it is, granny Maylin, then let’s not raise fishes first. No matter how important they are, they can’t be more important than your safety.”
Maylin had an emotional expression, but still managed to smile, “I’ll be fine, young master. I’m a level 8 water mage after all. Dealing with a magic beast is nothing if not simple.”
Zhao Hai looked at how confident Maylin was being, and could only nod his head, “Fine, but this matter can be put behind a little. Tomorrow, we’re still going to organize some people to look at places that are suitable for us to improve. Improving those is the real point.”
Maylin nodded as well. Ark Continent’s businesses were very developed, but Buda family wasn’t heavily focused on business. It was a noble family, and in their eyes, land size was the key.
Meg and others didn’t enter the conversation. When Zhao Hai and Maylin discussed things, Meg would usually not speak up. Blockhead and Rockhead were out of the question, as the two of them weren’t smart and just did as they were told. Letting them voice their opinions would be like playing a tune to a cow. Meg was very smart, but she was still too young, and she hadn’t lived in an era of information boom like Zhao Hai did. There was still much she had to learn. She couldn’t really speak up when Zhao Hai and Maylin discussed such matters.
Zhao Hai finished dinner quickly and then drank a cup of coya in the living room before going back to his room. There were so many matters to settle in the castle, so he just had to arrange them. There was no need to be too worked up over them.
There were really no fun places over here. He was cut off from the world, and nothing to do other than sleeping at night. Zhao Hai wanted to look at the space sooner by going back to his room.
At night, Zhao Hai felt extremely bored. He was a homebody on Earth, and a homebodies would usually stay up for very late. Because he was too busy in in these recent days, he could sleep when early into the night, but now that he slept in the day, he couldn’t sleep right now. He had to go into the space to take a look.
The space was still the same, but corns had started to grow out while the radish sprouts were showing as well. Good thing there were no bugs. Watching the growing sprouts made Zhao Hai a little excited.
These sprouts resembled hope. The hope of living on in another world. Zhao Hai didn’t have great ambitions. He just wanted to live properly in this world.
When on Earth, he lived his days getting some meager blog submission fees. He also had no ambitions and just wanted to live out his humble days.
Here in another world, he had Adam’s body and he also knew about Adam’s lineage, and that Adam now had a great vengeance. But Zhao Hai knew just as well that Adam’s vengeance wasn’t so easily exacted. What they were facing was an empire.
Buda family could already be beaten down like this during the most glorious days. With the strength at hand in the present, it was impressive enough just to maintain their own lives, let alone taking revenge.
Even though he had this cheating tool called spatial farm, it had a major flaw: it lacked offensiveness.
The spatial farm wasn’t bad. It could plant crops and store things, but it didn’t have any attack abilities, while on Ark Continent, true powerhouses just happened to be most proficient in attacking. A mage like Maylin could instantly kill 1000 people with magic. Compared to Maylin, Zhao Hai couldn’t even be compared to a newborn baby. He could only be regarded as an ant. It would be like a snap of fingers if Maylin wanted to crush him.
It was exactly because of this that Zhao Hai wanted to keep a low profile. If the nobles discovered that he had the space, they might kill him at the first given opportunity.
Fortunately, Zhao Hai had completely received Adam’s memories. Although Adam was a workless snob, he still knew some common sense on the continent. Zhao Hai was also not the kind of retard that would act like a boss between heaven and earth after crossing over (from previous world), trample and land and stab the sky when there was nothing to do. Zhao Hai didn’t have such a large ambition. He knew that if he really went that high profile, he would be the first one to die.
The spatial farm’s properties determined that Zhao Hai would never become a peerless expert. Forget about becoming an expert. After Adam drank the Water Of Void, he couldn’t even become a novice.
Even though Zhao Hai now had the biggest crutch, this thing that suddenly appeared to him made him feel insecure. He was afraid that such a suddenly appeared thing would suddenly disappear as well.
This sense of urgency made Zhao Hai think about building up his fief nonstop. He could improve the soil outside everyday, but it was also because of this that he was extra worried.
Would the long running nobles let them off the hook after arriving in Black Wastelands? Hardly. Those fellows would surely send people to watch them. If it was discovered that the movements here were too great, the nobles would not take any chances.
Zhao Hai sat inside the space, summarizing this and summarizing that. In the end he concluded with 2 words: low profile. And just a sentence: ‘It’s best to be rich without making a sound’.
He knew the radishes and corn would grow nicely, but he still watered them. He was now coddling the sprouts because they represented Buda family’s hope.
Watering in the space was a low effort work. Zhao Hai simply needed to use his thoughts to do so. The water spring in the space was like it was held up by an invisible force, then floated above the soil, before it became like rain.
Zhao Hai immediately stopped after watching the soil slowly become wet. He knew that watering too much would cause the roots of corns to spoil.
After doing that, Zhao Hai came out from the space. He saw the sky and noticed that it had darkened completely. The slaves had slept, and the castle didn’t have any lights. The entire castle seemed to have slept with the arrival of the night.
With the quiet surroundings, Zhao Hai’s heart slowly calmed down. He knew it was excessive to think about things now. It was important to walk the path in steps. What he mainly needed to do right now was to solve the problem of food supply for 100 and more people. Not only to fill the stomachs, but also to make eating good.
‘Responsibility’ was the word which Zhao Hai sincerely felt. When he was on Earth, he was a kind of person who was able to eat without starving his whole family along the way. But in here, the problems of food and clothing for more than 100 people, Buda family’s future, these heavy burdens were heaped onto his shoulders one after another. That was why he had to tread carefully while afraid of making the slightest mistake.
Daring to take responsibility is also a display of a man’s maturity. Zhao Hai had now become more mature than he was on Earth, because reality forced him to.
After standing in front of the window for a while, Zhao Hai returned to bed. Even if he couldn’t sleep, he still had to lie down on the bed. With their lack of resources, he couldn’t waste any himself. Without knowing it, he fell asleep on the bed.
<DING> <Radishes had now matured. Please collect them soon.>
The notification of the farm woke Zhao Hai up once again. He immediately sat up and entered the space. As expected, the radishes had matured while the corn stalks had grown up to more than the height of a person. The corns had taken basic shapes and they could now be plucked for eating.
But Zhao Hai didn’t touch them since he still hoped for them to act as seeds. It wouldn’t be much for him to pluck a few now, but if the corns matured and then taken outside as seeds, he would be able to plant on quite a lot of ground.
Zhao Hai immediately stored the radishes, and then bought a sack of radish seeds from Shop to plant more again. He used the spring water to wash his own face, and he became refreshed in an instant.
Then Zhao Hai ran to the corn stalks to take a closer look. The corns were growing well. The leaves of the corns had coated over them. Just wait until they officially mature, and then they could be collected.
Zhao Hai nodded in satisfaction from this. He left the space and went back to his room. He looked at the sky out of the window, and the sky was beginning to glow brighter. He didn’t feel like sleeping, so he went out of his room.
The air outside wasn’t bad. It was a barren mountain around the castle, but the environs basically fit the definition of having a mountain and a body of water. Plus it was April, so the morning was a little cold. Zhao Hai had a refreshed moon when he breathed in 2 mouthfuls of cool air.
There was nothing in particular that Zhao Hai woke up early for. He thought that his own physical well being wasn’t very good. Adam was even worse off before. He was a playboy who learned nothing, and an alcoholic lecher who had already burdened his own body so. With the Water Of Void, his body became even weaker.
Zhao Hai didn’t want to be a sickness-ridden cripple. With such a fine weather, Zhao Hai decided to go jogging and train his body. Even if he couldn’t become an expert, he had to become a healthy person at least.
After jogging for a while, the slaves woke up one after another, and they watched Zhao Hai jogging around the castle in surprise. They didn’t know what he was doing.
Zhao Hai’s body was seriously too weak right now. Just while of jogging and he was already panting from fatigue. He had no other way but to stop and regulate his breathing slowly while heading back to the castle.
He just jogged for a bit, but he still felt very refreshed and energized. By the time he got back, Maylin and others had already woken up. They just didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would wake up this early and thought that he was still sleeping in his room. When they saw Zhao Hai coming in from outside, they were very surprised.
Zhao Hai greeted them and then washed his face again. He went to the living room after that to wait for Maylin to make breakfast.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 23 – Being Frank
After having breakfast, Maylin let Meg bring the slaves to tidy up the caves, and chop the trees if possible in order to check that if building a small boat was possible. That way they could take a good look at the underground lake. Maylin prepared herself to look at places around the castle and see if she could find a place suitable for soil improvement.
In Maylin’s view, improving the black soil was a priority one matter. If the soil was improved, these people could have a foundation for their safety, and then they could have the hope of living on.
Although she didn’t know what Zhao Hai’s farming space was all about, when she saw how Zhao Hai could improve the soil and could take out 80000 kilos of radishes at once, it proved that Zhao Hai’s ability was related to agriculture.
Maylin didn’t know about the amazingness of the space, but she was a smart person with a big enough age. Her life experience was rich, so she could guess about 80 or 90% correct.
But she didn’t ask when Zhao Hai didn’t speak. She knew the one in charge right now was Adam, and he had more ideas compared to before. It would be in bad form if she pursued him for answers.
Zhao Hai followed Maylin when she said she wanted to look around the terrain. In the recent days after arriving in this world, he never went anywhere else besides being in the castle, walking on the mountain and getting occupied with the space. He could use today’s chance to explore the environs. After all, this was his fief.
When Zhao Hai followed, Blockhead and Rockhead followed as well, but Zhao Hai didn’t let them. He just brought Blockhead along while he let Rockhead stay and help Meg take care of the slaves. Zhao Hai couldn’t feel at ease letting Meg take care of 100 slaves alone.
After Zhao Hai and the 2 walked out of the castle, Blockhead walked alone on top of the mountain to take a close look at the terrain. Zhao Hai and Maylin walked along the base of the mountain instead. Maylin was high in age and was also a mage, so her physique was not very good, of course. Zhao Hai was the same, so the two of them didn’t walk up the mountain. If they did, they would’ve been exhausted in just a short while.
This was also the first time Maylin and Zhao Hai left the castle for such a long distance. They took in the surroundings as they walked. If they had to remark about it, the Black Wastelands was very unique. On the top of the half-circle mountain, there were only short trees and dried grasses. The mountain itself surrounded a gigantic plain with no end in sight. There was nothing to see, as far as the eyes could tell.
The terrain of the mountain itself was a bit complicated, but since it wasn’t very high and there weren’t a lot of trees, the terrain on top of it could also be clearly seen from below. There was no need to be worried about that.
The two of them walked along the mountain edges for more than 3 hours. Other than feeling the land to be more and more desolate, there were no discoveries. Black soil was still black soil, and desolate mountain was still desolate mountain.
Zhao Hai looked at the surroundings and turned to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, let’s rest for a while. Our fief is too large. It’s not something that can be seen entirely in just a day or two. Let’s wait for grandpa Greene if we really can’t do it. We came here on horses. Being on foot like this is too tiring.”
Maylin was also tired to the point of panting. She was a mage, not a fighter. Her physique wasn’t strong at all. It would be fine doing some chores. Letting her cross distances like this was seriously not something she could take.
The two of them found 2 large rocks randomly and sat down. When Blockhead saw them sitting down, he immediately ran down from the mountain to Zhao Hai’s side, “Young master, you rest here. I’ll go look around.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, you go ahead. Be extra careful now.” Blockhead heeded with a sound before going back up the mountain. From the look of him, he didn’t seem to be tired for even a bit.
Maylin looked at the endless black land and sighed melancholically, “When we first heard that the empire assigned us to here, we really despaired. Everyone knew that nothing grows on the Black Wastelands, and it’s so close to Rotten Corpse Swamp. Other than waiting for death, there’s really nothing we can do when we got here.” She stopped when she spoke to this point. She lowered her head and her eyes looked in reminiscence, “Greene used all the money in the household to buy all sorts of supplies as soon as he heard the news. He wanted us to last for a few more years. The long running nobles will no longer notice us after those few years and we can think of another way to earn money. We can’t let Buda family end in our hands, no matter what.”
After speaking to this point, Maylin didn’t make a sound for a while, as if she was recalling the desperate time back then. Zhao Hai also didn’t make a sound. He could understand the feelings of Maylin and others. Buda family was where they grew up, yet they could only watch as the whole family made its way to this land of death, only to wait for the inevitable. That feeling must’ve been so desperate.
Maylin took a deep breath after a while and turned to Zhao Hai, “Good thing that you’re awake, young master. You even have such an amazing ability that can improve soils. This made us saw hope. Young master, the rise of Buda family depends on you now.”
Greene had also spoken similar things to Zhao Hai. He understood that this was Maylin and Greene’s anticipation towards him, but the more it was like this, the more he felt that this was difficult to achieve. If powerful people like Greene and Maylin couldn’t achieve that goal, then it would only take one word to describe how he himself could do it: hard.
Making Buda family prosper again required facing the oppression of all of Axu Empire’s long running nobles. Royal families were included as well.
But right now, he couldn’t say these. He could only nod his head hard and say, “Relax, granny Maylin. I will work hard.”
Maylin nodded and smiled as she looked at Zhao Hai, “The heavens haven’t doomed Buda family. You were given such an amazing ability. This means that the heavens intend to let our family prosper again.”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Let me take you to a place, granny Maylin.” He immediately moved his thoughts after speaking, and the two of them appeared inside the spatial farm.
Maylin and Greene were people that Zhao Hai could trust completely. The reason why he didn’t bring them here in this farm, other than confidentiality, was because there were so many things he couldn’t explain. Zhao Hai was also afraid that they would discover that he took over Adam’s body. If they did, they might kill him at the first given opportunity.
But he wasn’t afraid now. He knew that Maylin and Greene didn’t doubt him in the slightest, and they had treated him as Buda family’s hope. He was now Buda family’s only heir. Even if they discovered that Zhao Hai took over, they wouldn’t necessarily make a move against him, because if they killed him, then it would mean letting Buda family perish once and for all. If a noble family didn’t have an heir, then the title of nobility would be taken back by the empire.
Maylin was stunned as soon as she entered the space. She looked at the sprouting radishes and the soon to mature corns. Her brain was seriously unable to process all this.
Zhao Hai then said, “Granny Maylin, this is my special ability: a land that can plant grains as well as vegetables. The growth times of crops are much shorter compared to outside, which is why I could bring out 80000 kilos of magic radishes in such a short time.”
Maylin saw the soil and turned to Zhao Hai, “Where did you put all those magic radishes, young master? How am I not seeing them?”
Zhao Hai pointed at the storage and replied, “All of them are in there. That room is just like a spatial equipment which can store a lot of things. It not only has magic radishes stored inside, but also the supplies that were in the castle, which are all tucked inside. When I want to use them, I can take them out anytime.”
Maylin nodded her head with brightened eyes. To be honest, just the storage’s ability was enough to surprise her.
Zhao Hai added, “The soil of this space can be used to improve the black soil outside, and so can the water. What I used to improve the black soil was a mixture of this space’s soil and water.” Then he walked to the corns and said, “This is a new type of plant I’m planting. I call it ‘corn’. If these corns are matured, the seeds they produce can let us plant up to 1000 acres of land with some more to spare. But I don’t know if the corns planted in this space can be used as seeds, so I need to test them. Corn stalks can used to make fire, so for the current situation, this is the type of plant most suitable for us.”
Maylin looked at the corns with bright eyes. She knew what Zhao Hai was saying of course. If these corns matured and could be planted, then they would be able to solve their food and firewood problems in one go.
Zhao Hai then tilted his head to Maylin and said, “If we can find a suitable place, then we’ll modify 1000 acres of land first, and then plant corns. If they mature then we won’t need to worry about food and firewood. By then, we’ll have food, and we can sell the magic radishes so that we have money. Our Buda family can become stronger, little by little.”
Maylin nodded furiously and turned to Zhao Hai, “You mustn’t say this to anyone else, young master. How many people know about this right now?”
Zhao Hai shook his head and replied, “Only you, Blockhead and Rockhead have been here. Grandpa Greene and Meg haven’t been here yet.”
Maylin nodded, “You can trust the few of us completely, young master, but the others cannot do. Don’t mention this to other people from now on. If other people know about this, you’ll be in danger.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Don’t worry, granny Maylin. I won’t tell this to anyone. Let’s go out. If Blockhead doesn’t find us when he comes back, he’ll be worried.” With his thought, the two of them appeared at the base of the mountain.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 24 – Good Place
Maylin’s expression was one of excitement when she came out from the space. It was no wonder she would be like that. When she saw Zhao Hai’s space, she truly felt that Buda family’s future was filled with hope.
Even though Zhao Hai couldn’t learn magic or battle auras, to Maylin, Zhao Hai would be better off without them. He’d be safer that way.
Maylin didn’t want Zhao Hai to embark on Buda family’s previous path. It started out by getting accomplishments in the military. In order to get military accomplishments, wars must be fought, and fighting in wars would be very dangerous. Now that Zhao Hai was the only heir left in Buda family, Maylin wouldn’t want something to happen to him.
It would be better having such a space that could be used to plant things. They wouldn’t need to worry about provisions. As long as they had money, then Buda family would also develop. Right now on the continent, there were many business families that were quite illustrious. Even the long running noble families wouldn’t make a move against them easily. Why? None other than money, of course.
Right now there were too many mercenaries on the continent, and all of them were outlaws. They would do anything as long as you gave them money. Other people didn’t dare to offend the business families because the latter were wealthy. Once they were offended enough, they would use money to buy your life, and they would just lose some money in the end, yet you lost your your own life. Who could play along with them?
After going through the process of Buda family’s rise and fall, Maylin didn’t think of anything else. Now in the eyes of her and others, all fame and merits were just floating clouds. Letting Zhao Hai live on was the real point.
Zhao Hai was very happy when he looked at Maylin, because he knew that Maylin was truly caring about him. The feeling of being cared for was really nice. Zhao Hai was an orphan in his previous life, so there was no one who cared for him like this. This made his heart feel warm.
Maylin settled down after a moment. She walked to Zhao Hai and said, “Young master, if there’s any danger, you go hide in the space and don’t concern us. You are the only bud left in Buda family. You must stay out of trouble no matter what.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Relax, granny Maylin. I know what to do. But as long as we’re being careful from here on and keep a low profile, we should be fine.”
Maylin nodded to that. Just when she was about to say something, Blockhead’s voice came out, “Young master! Young master! I’ve found a good place!” He spoke out as he was running down from the mountain.
Zhao Hai and Maylin looked at the running Blockhead on their reflexes. Blockhead quickly ran to Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Young master, I discovered a good place ahead. It definitely fits your needs.”
Zhao Hai went idle and then his face was happy as he said, “Great, where is it? Let’s go.”
Blockhead spoke as he pointed his finger at the top of the mountain, “Young master, we have to go up the mountain. We can’t reach it from below.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, we’re going now. You rest here, granny Maylin. It’s alright for me and Blockhead.”
Maylin shook her head, “No, I’ll go and look as well. The matter of future planting shouldn’t always be shouldered by you, young master. I have to know the way myself.” Then she turned to Blockhead and said, “Blockhead, lead the way.” Blockhead heeded with a sound and walked forward, with the two of them following from behind.
The barren mountain only had some weeds, but it was still not too easy to walk on. The weeds weren’t tall, but they were very firm. When walked upon, one would often trip and fall. It wasn’t easy.
Fortunately it wasn’t too far. After walking for 3 miles, there was a large valley before them. What was very unique about it was that it looked like a gigantic stone from the skies fell down and made very large crater. Cliffs were all around it and there were no paths leading outside.
Zhao Hai stood there with eyes and mouth opened wide, and he felt torn between tears and laughter. This valley fit his needs, but how could they get down if they couldn’t even see here from the base of the mountain?
Maylin also found out about this and then scolded with smile at Blockhead, “Blockhead you blockheaded moron, if this is where you discovered, then I’ll be exhausting myself just to get down there, not to mention young master. Even if you can carry him down on your back, what about the slaves? The ones who come here to plant things are those slaves. You’re not going to carry them on your back as well, are you?”
Zhao Hai also looked at Blockhead in a bad mood. The valley didn’t seem to be too deep as it seemed to be only several tens of metres deep, but just looking down from high up was enough to make him dizzy. With the cliffs all over it, it would be very difficult just to get down.
It would’ve been manageable if they had a lot of resources. Just build a ladder and one could walk down. But right now they didn’t even have that many resources. The mountain couldn’t even produce timber, so it would be too difficult to make a ladder. This was definitely a dead land.
Blockhead turned to look at a two with a chuckle, “Don’t worry young master, granny Maylin. Follow me.” He walked towards the back of the mountain after that.
Zhao Hai and Maylin had never walked towards the back of the iron mountain before, because they knew that it was tightly linked to Rotten Corpse Swamp. The swamp was always known to the world for having toxic miasma, toxic beasts, toxic plants and undead creatures. That’s why Maylin and others didn’t want to look at the back of the mountain. It meant danger over there.
Once Maylin saw Blockhead walking towards the back of the mountain, Maylin spoke out with a darkened expression, “Do you want to die, Blockhead? Get back here this instant!”
Blockhead turned to the two of them and smiled, “It’s fine, granny Maylin, young master. No need to worry. We just need to go over the top. There’s an opening not too far away. If we enter the opening, we can reach the valley. I just came from there.”
Maylin was going to say something in return, but Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, let’s go and have a look.” He followed Blockhead to the back of the iron mountain. Maylin could only follow them in return.
Once at the top of the mountain however, Zhao Hai was captivated by the scenery in his eyes. Behind this mountain, the sky and the land were blurred. All that his eyes could see were 7-colored mists. Neither the sky nor the land could be seen. It was like it’s a world that was comprised of the 7-colored mists.
Beautiful. Simply too beautiful. Zhao Hai had never seen such mists before, and the mists weren’t 7 dull colors. They were a kind of unique and bright 7 colors, which seemed so marvellous.
A melancholic sigh then interrupted Zhao Hai’s thoughts. He turned to look, and it came from Maylin. Maylin was also looking at the 7 colored mists, but her she sighed melancholically, “Such beautiful colors. Who can imagine that such a beautiful scenery is actually the most lethal thing on the continent? These 7-colored mists are none other than the Rotten Corpse Swamp’s largest barrier. From the records, the number of people who came out alive from these mists didn’t exceed 10. The ones who came out were all pinnacle level experts. Even so, they didn’t live for over 5 years after coming out from the mists. Even the greatest priests and apothecarists couldn’t save them”
Zhao Hai felt chills running down his back. When he looked at the mists now, he felt that the 7-colored mists were so ghastly, it was like there were countless evil ghosts within, laughing at him with bared teeth.
Zhao Hai didn’t look any further and just spoke to Blockhead who was waiting at them, “Let’s go.” Blockhead heeded and just walked forward.
They were now walking towards the back of the mountain from the top. He thought it was strange. The front of the mountain had very malnutritioned grasses, but the grasses grown on the back of it were actually in extremely good condition. They were so green they were dark, and they looked full of life. But they weren’t grown all over like the front of the mountain. Instead, they grew in clumps, while other spots had nothing grown on them. It was like hairs on a skin diseased person’s head.
Maylin stayed close to Zhao Hai’s side and spoke to them, “Young master, Blockhead, be careful not to touch those grasses. They might be poisonous. Blockhead has a strong constitution, but young master drank the Water Of Void. They must not be touched.”
Zhao Hai was startled. He felt that Maylin was a little exaggerating, but he also couldn’t let down his guard. Rotten Corpse Swamp was infamous for a reason, so it would be better to be cautious.
He followed Blockhead for about 500 metres while circumventing the grasses carefully. Then he saw a small cave. It wasn’t very large as it could only let 3 people pass through. They were just about 2 metres tall and the inside was pitch black. There were even sounds of water.
Maylin walked in front of Zhao Hai and a ball of light appeared in her hand, which lit up the way for Zhao Hai to see. He then walked into the cave with Maylin’s guidance.
It was apparent that this cave was also made by the dwarves, and it was very well shaped. Many stones were piled together in an even manner.
About 5 minutes of walking in the cave, they arrived at an empty spot. This was used by the dwarves to serve as a temporary place of rest or to put down the things. There were no habitable caves. Just a more than 300 square metre large empty spot, while the water sounds came from the right of Zhao Hai and others.
Blockhead turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young master, that’s an underground lake. I don’t know if it’s connected to the one behind the castle. Just walk left and we can enter the valley.”
Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t go to see the lake. According to his estimation, the lakewater and the one behind the castle were most likely one and the same. They didn’t have a large sized illumination tool right now, so they wouldn’t see much even if they were to go there. Zhao Hai decided not to.
The 2 of them followed Blockhead out of the tunnel to the left. The tunnel was very broad, which could allow 10 lines of people moving around at once while it was also 5 metres tall. The ground was very dry and quite comfortable to walk on.
The 3 of them walked for another 10 minutes or so, and then a light suddenly shined in front of them. Maylin put out the illumination magic in her hand and quickly walked forward with Zhao Hai towards the light.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 25 – Became Smarter
Zhao Hai and Maylin stared at the valley blankly. Walking out of the cave, and the only place was this valley. The area size wasn’t very large as it was just more than 1000 acres. There was also black soil on the ground like it came from the same place as the soil on Black Wastelands.
In the middle of the valley, there was a 10 metre diameter puddle. The water of the puddle was crystal clear. On the cliff opposite of the cave Zhao Hai and others came out of, there was another cave. That cave was slightly smaller than the one they were at, so it could be discerned that it was also a tunnel.
Once Zhao Hai saw the mine caves, Zhao Hai couldn’t help himself from being impressed by the dwarves, who actually dug out such a large mountain area and built so many mineshafts. How great of a construction effort was that? It was hard to imagine how they did it.
Zhao Hai looked around and nodded, “Very nice. Blockhead, you’re good. Tell us, how did you discover the entrance cave?”
Blockhead chuckled and said, “Young master, when I saw this valley from the very beginning, I jumped down from the cliff, and then I discovered these 2 caves. Another one is full of water and there’s no way out. This one has a way out, and I went out from there.”
Zhao Hai nodded. Blockhead’s answer made him understand that Blockhead went out from inside the cave, so it was no wonder he could discover the cave leading out of the valley.
Maylin was also looking around this black soiled land. It was as Blockhead said, it was truly suitable. Although it would take some time to improve the soil, it wouldn’t more suitable if it were used to plant things. Normal people would have a hard time discovering this place.
Maylin walked around inside the cave and noticed that the cave was an irregular round shape. There weren’t large rocks and the like inside. Other than black soil, there was only the puddle. A good place to plant.
Zhao Hai also thought of this as well. He nodded while he looked as he was extremely satisfied. Not only could this place be planted, but also because of the puddle, the matter of irrigation would be a lot easier to solve. Even if the water of the puddle wouldn’t be enough, there were still the 2 caves and 2 underground lakes inside the mountain. There was plenty of water within them.
Blockhead looked at how Zhao Hai was nodding and knew Zhao Hai was very satisfied. Blockhead asked, “Young master, have you discovered that there’s one thing different about here?”
Zhao Hai was startled. He looked around and noticed nothing different. He shook his head, “There’s nothing different.”
Blockhead laughed, “Didn’t you feel it, young master? The temperature here is higher than on the mountain, and if you look at the grasses, they’re longer than the ones outside. It’s spring right now. The grasses may have grown, but they’re not tall. The reason why we feel like it’s hard to walk is because they’re dried grasses. We trip because they’re dry and hard. But the grasses on the cliffs are all new grasses and they’re all very long. Many of them had sprouted seeds. This explains that the valley had never been assaulted by frigid winds and always kept this temperature. If it’s really the case, this place can be planted for all 4 seasons. This is really a good place.”
Zhao Hai looked at where Blockhead’s finger pointed, and discovered that there were lots of grasses on the cliffs. These were really different than the ones outside. The grasses outside appeared to be very green, but up close, the greenery was from the new grasses growing from under the withered ones. They hadn’t been very long in growth, but the grasses in the valley had been another matter.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help from nodding his head. Now he felt peculiar as well. This valley was on the mountain, so the ground here should’ve been similar to that on the mountain instead of the black soil outside. But the ground in the valley had to be the same as the black soil, and there was no clue as to why it was the case.
Suddenly, Maylin spoke, “Well said. I never thought that you Blockhead can be so observant. When did you become so smart, kiddo?”
Zhao Hai and Blockhead were both stunned by what Maylin said. Zhao Hai also felt somewhat weird, because in Adam’s memories, Blockhead was never this smart. Not only that, but also silly. The usual way of speech would be curt, so how could he observe so carefully and speak so well right now?
Blockhead was also clueless as he didn’t know what was going on as well. It seemed like ever since he entered Zhao Hai’s amazing space, he was enlightened on how to observe things and think more thoroughly.
It’s just Blockhead never had the chance to show it. When he was next to Zhao Hai, he obeyed all of Zhao Hai’s words. That was why Maylin and others didn’t notice what was strange about Blockhead, until now.
Maylin simply spoke out loud just now and didn’t put it into mind. When she saw how the 2 of them were silent, she said, “Young master, this is really a good place, and I can also feel that this just as Blockhead said. This place keeps the same temperature for all 4 seasons a year. The water element in the air is very active, so it’s really good. If we can modify the soil here, this will be the best planting ground.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Granny Maylin, why do you suppose the soil of this valley is also black soil? Since this is on the mountain, it should also be the same as the mountain’s soil. If they’re the same, it would’ve saved us a lot of trouble.”
Maylin laughed, “Don’t be so insatiable, young master. It’s good enough that we can find such a place. You can change this place slowly. We don’t need to be afraid as long as we can find a place.”
Zhao Hai laughed and replied, “You’re right, granny Maylin. I got a little too greedy. This is really a good place, but there’s also one more problem. The land here is roughly 1000 acres, but we also don’t have plantation magic beasts. If we want to plant, then we need manpower. That way, the amount of hands we need will be a lot. But this place so far away from the castle. If people have to walk over here, it will need a lot of time. With this, all of the time spent will be wasted on the trip. It will be hard to plant all of the land here.”
Maylin laughed, “How could you forget, young master? There’s still a lake in the mountain. If the lake is really connected to the one behind the castle, then we can use boats. It’s both time saving and secretive.”
Zhao Hai did a double take as he didn’t think about this before. If the travel path was on water, then it would be a lot faster than walking on the land, and also a lot more discreet.
Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s a good plan. Alright, I will first improve this soil for today.” After speaking, Zhao Hai made a thought and the hole of the space appeared once again. The 10 acres of soil in front of him were soon modified.
Maylin and Blockhead had seen it once before, but they were still very excited when watching it this time. Zhao Hai’s ability was definitely the only one of its kind on the continent. It couldn’t be used to kill people, but it was the one they needed the most.
After improving the 10 acres of soil, Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief. He turned to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, let’s go back. It’s sad that we don’t have a boat. If we have one, we can go on the water route and see if we can get to the back of the castle.”
Maylin chuckled, “How could you forget, young master? I’m a water mage. I don’t need a boat in order to bring 2 or 3 people along to cross the surface of the water. Just relax. We will go back on water in a while.”
Zhao Hai did a double take and then nodded. To be honest, he had arrived on Ark Continent for a few days’ time, but he was still not used to the various amazing things here. He always kept confusing this place with Earth, like how using magic to travel on water was impossible Earth, but possible here.
Zhao Hai nodded, looked at the ground and then back to Maylin with a smile, “Let’s go back. I’m afraid Meg and Rockhead are busy beyond their means.”
Maylin also found nothing else worth looking on the land and then nodded, “Alright. Let’s go back.” The 3 of them returned to the cave where they came from.
After entering the cave, Maylin used the illumination spell to light up the path ahead while Zhao Hai and Blockhead followed her. This time, they walked directly towards the sound of water.
After about 15 minutes, Maylin saw the lake in front of her. This underground lake was really large. Other than being narrowed by the mountain walls for 2 sides, the light reached no end when shining forward.
Zhao Hai stood next to Maylin. From their current position, they were higher than the lake surface for around 3 metres. Below was a downward slope, which was very gradual. It looked like it was used by the dwarves to transport ores.
The surface of the ground was also paved with stones, but due to being close to the water, it had been covered with moss, making it somewhat slippery.
Zhao Hai looked at the water surface and sighed, “Who can imagine that there’s such an endowed land hiding here in Black Wastelands? We can raise fishes on a large scale as long as we can figure out why there are no fishes here.”
Maylin nodded, “Yeah. The surface of the lake is so large, it must be able to raise a lot of fishes. This can be our Buda family’s main income later.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Let’s go back, granny Maylin. Oh right, will we be alright if travel on water while there’s a magic beast in the water?”
Maylin smiled and spoke confidently, “Relax, young master. I can guarantee our safety.” She led the way to the edge of the lake while Zhao Hai followed cautiously. Blockhead walked next to him while grabbing his arm. The ground here was slippery, but Blockhead’s steps were as stable as a mountain.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 26 – New Crisis
Zhao Hai and Blockhead stood at the lake edge while Maylin was chanting an incantation in a low volume. It didn’t take more than a while for an aqua colored barrier to appear around them. A wave came from the lake which, while Zhao Hai was startled, brought them to the lake itself.
But Zhao Hai soon discovered that the 3 of them were standing inside the transparent spherical barrier while the lakewater was pushing the barrier like a geyser to a ball, making the barrier move forward constantly.
This was the 2nd time Zhao Hai witnessed the marvel of magic. The 1st time, Maylin just used a simple illumination spell, but even so, Zhao Hai felt that it was amazing already. Now, this was even more amazing than the last. They were actually travelling on the waves, and it was a single person bringing 2 along. It was even more awesome than ‘Water Gliding’ and ‘River Crossing Bound’ in Chinese martial arts.
Compared to Zhao Hai who counted as half a visitor, Blockhead’s response was much calmer, who already knew about the amazingness of magic, not to mention how Maylin was a level 8 water mage. Fighting against such a mage in water was everyone’s nightmare, because it’s their home turf.
Maylin was also looking relaxed. She was very confident about her abilities as she believed she was invincible on the water. That’s why when she said that there was possibly a water type magic beast in the water, she didn’t even show a hint of worry. Because she believed that she could easily kill a water type magic beast even if there was one.
The speed was fast when using magic to travel on water. They came here after more than 3 hours, but they saw a cave in front after just about half an hour’s time. Even more fortunately, that cave was exactly the cave behind the castle. This proved that this lake could be used as a natural water route, allowing them to transport people to the valley secretly.
When Zhao Hai stood on solid ground after Maylin dispelled the magic, he couldn’t help himself from jumping once. It was truly good to stand on solid ground.
It was very dashing to travel on water, but Zhao Hai always felt that he was going to sink. This made him feel extremely uncomfortable.
When the 3 of them walked out of the cave, they saw the working slaves outside. They had not rested since it wasn’t noon yet. There were still a lot of places to tidy up in the cave, and a lot of slaves were doing carpentry.
In order to raise blue-eyed rabbits in this cave, a lot of fences were needed. These things had to be made out of wood, since Zhao Hai and others didn’t have so many metals.
Greene and others bought some timber considering the situation in the castle, but it wasn’t a lot. Most of the things they bought were completed products, because Greene knew that even if there were some slaves who knew about woodworking, they wouldn’t know how to make sophisticated things. Because slaves who were good at carpentry were of a different price than normal slaves.
The appearance of the 3 made the slaves surprised. They immediately bowed down, and the 3 only nodded as they left the cave.
Meg and Blockhead who were standing outside the cave were also shocked when they saw the 3 coming out. Meg immediately went to them and asked, “Young master, granny, how did you come out of the cave?”
Maylin smiled, “If we go all the way inside from the lake, we can reach a valley. That is where we decided to be most suitable for our planting operations. Young master improved 10 acres of soil over there just now, so we’re back.”
Meg’s eyes sparkled and said, “Really? That’s great! I didn’t think things would be this smooth. Granny, young master, return to the castle and rest. I can handle things here.”
Maylin turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young master, go back to the castle and rest. I have something to tell you.”
Zhao Hai was startled as he didn’t know what was up with Maylin. But looking at her seriousness on the face, he didn’t take his time and just nodded his head, “Alright. Let’s go back to the castle. Blockhead, you stay here and help Meg and Rockhead.” Blockhead heeded with a sound and stayed back, while Zhao Hai returned to the castle with Maylin.
After the 2 of them arrived at the living room, Zhao Hai looked at Maylin in confusion, “Granny Maylin, what is it that you can’t speak of outside?”
Maylin nodded, “Young master, when we were coming back, I searched for the conditions in the lake while on the surface, but I didn’t find any powerful water magic. There are only 2 explanations for this. 1, the water magic beast is very powerful and is very good at hiding its movements, which makes me unable to discover it. But this situation is almost impossible since I’m a level 8 water mage. I’m confident that there’s nothing in water that can hide from my detection. 2, there’s no powerful magic beast in the water. The reason why there are no fishes lies elsewhere.”
Zhao Hai was startled, but he soon realized the severity of the problem. The lake was going to be one of the crucial parts of the development of the fief. If there was really no way to raise fishes, he would lose an important source of funds. Leaving a lake without being able to use it was too much of a waste.
Zhao Hai asked with a darkened face, “Can you find a specific cause?”
Maylin’s expression was also heavy, “I’ve heard of a rumor but I don’t know if it’s related to the situation of the lake. It was said that because Black Wastelands is too close to Rotten Corpse Swamp, there is a united horde of some necromantic creatures and toxic beasts which comes to Black Wastelands often. They will kill every living creature on Black Wastelands, which is why Black Wastelands has become a dead land. But because not many would come to here since before, this information had also not been given further confirmation. If it’s true, then the reason why there are no fishes in the lake might be due to this.”
Zhao Hai’s expression changed. If it really were as Maylin said, then the trouble would be huge. Other than Maylin, Meg, Greene, Blockhead and Rockhead, who had some fighting power, everyone else were slaves without fighting abilities. If the necromantic creatures and toxic beasts from Rotten Corpse Swamp came to attack them, then all of them would be dead for sure.
Zhao Hai lowered his head while he kept on rubbing his own forehead. This was also a movement he used to make when he was thinking about matters in his previous life.
Maylin was also very worried when she looked at Zhao hai. If such a thing were to happen, then all of their activities would have to stop. It was hard to say if they would survive.
Zhao Hai couldn’t think of a good plan right now and just said, “If this is true, then we have a huge problem. Let’s discuss what to do after grandpa Greene gets back. How about this; Starting tomorrow, we’re not cleaning up the mine caves. Gather all of our supplies on hand and make some simple weapons, then train the slaves for a bit while conduct some maintenance on the castle. If it really happens, we can at least use the castle to hold up for a while. If we really can’t do it, then I can only bring everyone into my space and let everyone hide. Once those necromantic creatures and toxic beasts retreat, we come out.”
Maylin frowned as she thought, and she could also not be able to think of a good plan. She could only nod and said, “Seems like we can only do this. We’ve come to Black Wastelands for some time and we haven’t seen any strange movements from Rotten Corpse Swamp. There should be problems. I just hope my worries are misplaced.”
Zhao Hai shook his head, “Whether or not the worries are off the mark, these things are still needed to be done in order to prevent being caught off guard. The last capital of Buda family is here. If we lose it all, we will have no hope of reversing the situation ever again.”
Maylin nodded, “Alright. I will arrange it immediately. But we haven’t brought a lot of weapons this time, and the supplies are mostly for living so they can’t be made into weapons. What to do?”
Zhao Hai also didn’t have any good plans right now. If his farm were at a high enough level, he would plant some trees to be used as weapons. But as his current level was too low, he couldn’t plant trees. He couldn’t possibly let people use corn stalks to go and fight against necromantic creatures, right?
Zhao Hai rubbed on his own forehead so much, his forehead had been rubbed into a shade of red, yet he still hadn’t thought of a good way. Suddenly, he noticed the stone floor, and a bold thought entered his mind. He raised his head to look at Maylin, “Granny Maylin, how about this; Tomorrow, we organize people to bring some rocks back, and then we can make some stone weapons. The killing power of the weapons won’t be great, but we’re just defending the castle so they can be used. What do you say?”
Maylin thought about it and nodded, “Good. We don’t have that many supplies in our hands right now. When we came out from the empire, they didn’t even let us bring weapons, so we can only do this right now. After Greene comes back, let’s have him buy some weapons as fast as possible.”
Zhao Hai nodded his head helplessly. He never imagined that he had to go back to the life of Stone Age one day, and one they couldn’t avoid facing.
Zhao Hai had thought things through by now. It seemed like the old farts from the empire really didn’t want to give them any chance to survive. Otherwise, they wouldn’t let Buda family come to Black Wastelands without bringing weapons. He wouldn’t believe that the old farts from the empire never heard of the rumors about Black Wastelands.
Now, they not only had to face the crisis of starvation, but also the possibility of being killed by the necromantic creatures and toxic beasts.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 27 – 5000 kilos A Day
Just when Zhao Hai was getting worried about weapons, a voice suddenly came, <Corns have matured. Please collect as soon as possible.>
Zhao Hai went blank, but he soon reacted and looked at Maylin, “Granny Maylin, the corns I planted have matured. I’m going to collect them. Are you coming?”
Zhao Hai had already brought Maylin into the space before, so it wouldn’t be a big deal to do it now. It’s just that Maylin wasn’t Blockhead and Rockhead. He still respected Maylin very much, so even when he wanted to go into the space, he would first seek Maylin’s opinion.
Maylin also wanted to look at the space when she heard that. She nodded, “Sure, young master. I also want to go take a look.” Zhao Hai nodded, and with his thought, the 2 of them appeared inside the space.
Because the radishes were planted during the morning, there were only small leaves right now. But the corns had completely matured.
The maturity of the corns was different from what Zhao Hai had seen in the game. In the game, even if the corns were mature, they’d be glistening green, while in the space, the leaves had dried up. However, these corns had grown in a wholesome way. Each with nearly 50 centimetres of length, the corns had already broken through the covering leaves. They looked golden yellow and very appetizing.
Maylin had obviously never seen a corn before, so she didn’t know what to do. She was just looking at the corns curiously without an idea of what to do about them.
Zhao Hai walked to the side of the corns gladly and plucked one from a stalk. He peeled off the covers to reveal the full looking golden yellow pellets. Seemed like the yield would not be low. Calculating according to the production, these 2 acres of soil could at least produce more than 5000 kilos of corn. If they could be used as seeds, they would be enough to plant 1000 acres of soil.
Zhao Hai handed over the corn to Maylin with joy and smiled, “Granny Maylin, look. This is corn. With just simple processing, it can become food. It’s not very delicious, but it can fill the stomach. These 2 acres of corn can produce more than 5000 kilos. If they can be used as seeds, they are enough to plant 1000 acres of land. We can collect them once everyday later, and we won’t have to worry about food this way.”
Maylin took the corn and she stared at Zhao Hai, “Young master, are you saying that we can produce more than 5000 kilos of food everyday later on?”
Zhao Hai nodded with a smile. He knew what Maylin was thinking. More than 5000 kilos of food might not be much for more than 100 people, but everyday, that figure would be a bit terrifying. Plus the maturity time for corns in the space was around 14 hours. More than 5000 kilos a day was an understatement on Zhao Hai’s part.
Maylin was so excited her face went red. She couldn’t stop murmuring, “5000 kilos a day, 5000 kilos a day….”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Alright, granny Maylin. This corn thing isn’t very delicious, so let’s plant something else later. We’re in a transition period right now, so we can only plant this.”
Maylin returned to her senses and immediately said, “No, young master. Let’s not plant anything else. Just plant this. Just plant this. This is the food with the highest yield I’ve ever heard. Young master, let’s not plant anything else. Just plant this….” She was so excited her words were getting incoherent.
Zhao Hai smiled, “Alright, don’t plant others and just plant this. Don’t get so worked up, granny Maylin, hehe. There are many high yield crops. Though not as high as corns, they are more delicious. Don’t worry, I have it in me.”
Maylin nodded after hearing what Zhao Hai said, “Very well then, young master. Let’s do it. Should we settle these?”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Don’t worry. In this space, I call the shots.” He then commanded, “Collect the corns. Collect the corn pellets, corn stalks and corn cobs separately.”
Actually, there was a more elegant way of referring to corn cobs. In Zhao Hai’s hometown, they refer to corns as maize, while corn cobs are things that grow corn pellets, which in Zhao Hai’s hometown are called maize beards. They’re also good for burning.
Zhao Hai wanted to see if the space could accept such complicated commands. If they could be accepted, then he could confirm that the space obeyed him completely.
Maylin looked at Zhao Hai with incomprehension as she didn’t know who Zhao Hai was talking to. But what happened next in the space made her look on with eyes and mouth opened wide. She saw the collection basket flew up and the corns all flew into the basket on their own.
It didn’t take a while for all of the corns to be stored. Without waiting for Maylin to react, Zhao Hai walked quickly to the door of the storage and touched it. He then relaxed, exhaled deeply, and laughed heartily.
Maylin went to Zhao Hai’s side and asked, “What are you laughing about, young master? What’s going on?” She asked while she was pointing at the empty spot of land.
Zhao Hai laughed, “It’s fine, granny Maylin. I told you, right? In this space, I call the shots. Which is why I don’t need to worry when it comes to planting or collecting.”
Maylin asked emotionally, “That’s too great, young master! Let’s plant on this soil now, alright?”
Zhao Hai nodded, but he was still very careful. With a thought, a handful of corn pellets appeared in his hand. That handful was the pellets that just went into storage.
When Zhao Hai took the corn pellets out, the notification came again immediately, <Type: Corn. Quality: Excellent. Can be used as seeds. Can be taken out of space for use.>
Zhao Hai’s expression was joyful. With a deep exhale, he then ordered, “Plant the corns.” After the end of his voice, the shovel flew to the ground where the corns were and started turning the soil over, followed by the corn seeds flying out of Zhao Hai’s hand like they appeared out of nowhere, and landed into the ground. The water bucket then poured water onto the soil.
Maylin stared at this with eyes and mouth opened wide. She never expected that Zhao Hai’s space could be so amazing. She never even heard of it, let alone seeing it.
It didn’t take a while before the 2 acres of soil were planted again. Zhao Hai nodded at this and went to the radishes. He looked at them but he didn’t worry about bugs. When he played the game, the space could remove the bugs on its own. He believed that if there were really bugs in here, the current space would also remind him.
Maylin was constantly standing next to Zhao Hai as she was truly overjoyed today. With this amazing space, it would be a very simple matter for Buda family to soar up high.
Once Zhao Hai found no problems with the radishes, he stood up and smiled at Maylin, “Granny Maylin, let’s head out.” Maylin nodded. With his thoughts, the two of them appeared inside the living room of the castle.
Zhao Hai looked outside. The time they spent in the space wasn’t long and there were no changes to the sky. Zhao Hai then turned to Maylin and said, “Granny Maylin, I’ll go and bring the corn stalks and corn cobs out. With those things, we won’t need to worry about firewood.”
Maylin nodded hurriedly, “Alright, follow me, young master. Put those things into the kitchen.”
Zhao Hai shook his head, “No, granny Maylin. They still need to be dried under sunlight. Otherwise, they will carry some moisture. Put them into the storage after they’re completely dry.”
Maylin nodded, “Alright. Then let’s put them outside the castle. There aren’t a lot of open spaces in the castle.”
Zhao Hai agreed and then followed Maylin out of the castle, to where he improved the soil yesterday. This patch of soil couldn’t be planted at the moment, so instead, he put the corn stalks and cobs here. It was done in order to prevent the improved soil from being blown away, and also to block the view of this soil having a different color than the rest.
Once all the corn stalks and cobs had appeared on the empty soil, Zhao Hai turned to Maylin and said, “Granny Maylin, we can use these to cook meals from now on. They don’t burn as long as wood, but they’re usable. If the slaves get cold at night, they can also burn these to keep warm.”
Maylin looked at the 2 piles of burning materials with face full of smiles. Now she finally wouldn’t need to worry about firewood issues. She nodded nonstop, “Very well, young master. Just leave this to me.”
Zhao Hai nodded and then looked at the sky, “Granny Maylin, it’s getting late. Meg and others will come back soon for lunch. Let’s have the people go pick up rocks after lunch. It’s a pity we don’t have blacksmiths, or we could’ve let them modify some metal tools into weapons.”
There were very few carpenters among slaves to begin with, so there were even less blacksmiths among them. Slaves owners were afraid that if the slaves knew blacksmithing, they would forge their own weapons to rebel against them, so the slave owners never let them approach such things. Even if there were blacksmith slaves, they would be blacksmiths who became slaves later.
Maylin also knew that if the farming tools weren’t modified, they wouldn’t be as easy to use as stone-made weapons. Besides, they didn’t have fuel, so it was impossible to modify the metal tools.
Zhao Hai led Maylin back to the castle who then went to prepare lunch. Zhao Hai sat alone in the dining room to think about things quietly.
Now that they were facing 2 crises instead of 1, if the toxic beasts and the necromantic creatures from Rotten Corpse Swamp charged out, what would they use to hold back? And once those things charged out, his entire plantation plan would be ruined. This was what he was most worried about.
Plantation was the greater portion of his plan of future development. If he gave up now, it would be too unfortunate. But not giving up meant that he had to solve the problem of Rotten Corpse Swamp first, as it would cause him to be unable to raise animals.
But how to solve it? For so many years, experts on the continent had come, yet Rotten Corpse Swamp was still one of the 5 Forbidden Areas on the continent. With his space? It doesn’t seem to be useful, right? Zhao Hai was now at the end of his wits.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 28 – Horse Bones
Zhao Hai knew well that his space didn’t have any attack ability, and not even a protective ability. Its only use other than planting crops was for hiding.
Zhao Hai wasn’t confident at all about using the space to deal with Rotten Corpse Swamp. Don’t forget that it was one of the continent’s 5 Forbidden Areas, which contained necromantic creatures and toxic beasts. How could he pull it off when the space had no means to attack?
Time flew by without him knowing it. He really couldn’t think of a good plan, so he could only decide to use the castle to fight against the horde when the time came. If it were really untenable, he would have to bring everyone into the space. It had more than 10 acres of ground, so he could fit them all into the space, one way or another.
Just then, Zhao Hai suddenly heard talking noises coming from outside. He looked out and noticed that it was going to be noon shortly. The slaves had returned to eat.
Just when Zhao Hai looked out, he saw Meg, Blockhead and Rockhead walking in quickly. The 3 of them bowed down to Zhao Hai when they stood in front of him, and greeted him simultaneously, “Young master.”
Zhao Hai nodded and smiled at the 3 of them, “Go and make arrangements outside. The corn stalks and cobs are for burning. If the slaves feel cold at night, just let them use the things outside to keep warm.”
Meg looked at Zhao Hai with incomprehension, “Young master, what’s a ‘corn’?”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Corn is going to be our main crop later on. The yield is 2000 kilos per acre, and the stalks and cobs can be used as firewood. I’ve already discussed this with granny Maylin. We’re going to plant them later.”
Meg’s eyes sparkled as she looked at Zhao Hai, “Young master, is the corn’s yield really that high?”
Zhao Hai nodded with a smile. “Yes it is. Alright, go and let the slaves eat. Granny Maylin should be done with the meal-making, so you come and eat as well. I have something to say later.” The 3 nodded and then left the castle.
Maylin also walked out of the castle just then, as she had heard the commotion outside as well. She glanced outside and didn’t pay it any further mind. She knew Meg very well. She believed that Meg would be able to finish up the matter outside, and turned to Zhao Hai, “Come and eat, young master. The meal is ready.”
Zhao Hai nodded and followed Maylin to the dining hall. While Maylin went to bring the meals out of the kitchen, Zhao Hai sat in the dining hall idly. He discovered that he himself seemed to have become lazier and lazier. When he was on Earth, he had to ready his own meals and clean up his room every day. Every chore at home had been done entirely on his own.
After arriving at Ark Continent, he had become a young master. If he willed it, he wouldn’t need to wear his clothes himself, so he naturally wouldn’t need to do chores. To be honest, habits were scary things. In just these few days’ time, Zhao Hai had become used to getting served by other people.
When he was thinking about this, Maylin brought out the meal from the kitchen. The things they were eating now were still very simple. Bread, vegetables and some meat. The meat was for Zhao Hai, and there was none for Blockhead and Rockhead.
Even though the meal was very simple, Zhao Hai saw Maylin’s concern towards him from this. He had the best things in the entire castle, and the things he ate were also the best. The whole castle was centered around him, which made him feel incredibly grateful, and incredibly stressful.
He was no longer Adam the playboy. He was a responsible man. The more Maylin and the others treated him well, the more pressure he felt. These people’s lives revolved around him. In other words, they depended on him to survive. Even though Buda family had fallen by now, as long as he lived, Buda family would exist. These people couldn’t be bullied by other nobles, so perhaps Maylin and the others were already satisfied.
But Zhao Hai wasn’t satisfied. If these people lived because he was the center of their lives, then he had the responsibility to make these people’s lives better. When he thought about how to make their lives better under this current situation, he felt that there was a very large pressure on himself.
Maylin noticed that Zhao Hai wasn’t eating. She assumed that he wasn’t content with the lunch as he was just staring idly at the meal. She hurried to asked, “Young master, what’s wrong? Is the meal not to your liking?”
Zhao Hai snapped out of his trance and turned to Maylin with a smile, “No, granny Maylin. This meal is nicely done. I just wonder when I can let everyone in the castle eat such meals. Then, I’ll be satisfied.”
Maylin’s eyes went red with tears, and she just looked at Zhao Hai with a smile, “As long as young master’s space exists, you will do it one day. I believe in you, young master.”
Zhao Hai nodded his head, “Yeah. Sooner or later, that day will be here.” Meg, Blockhead and Rockhead came in as Zhao Hai was speaking. Maylin went into the kitchen to bring out meals for the 3 of them.
When they were about to finish their meal, Zhao Hai spoke to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, go and arrange some people to pick up the rocks and put this matter as the top priority. I’ll handle the valley. You just need to take me there and bring me back every day.”
Maylin’s confidence towards Zhao Hai had increased greatly after witnessing the amazing performance of his space. She nodded immediately, “Alright. I will organize them to pick up the rocks. Just rest well for the afternoon, young master.”
Zhao Hai simply nodded at that. He knew that he himself wouldn’t be of much help as well. Because of the Water Of Void, his physique wasn’t as powerful as the slaves who worked every day of the year. Besides, Maylin and the others wouldn’t let him go and pick up the rocks.
After lunch, Maylin rested for a while, and then organized the slaves to go and pick up the rocks. They had some tools for rock collecting, and the masonry used to build the castle back in the day was of fine quality, so the tools weren’t very damaged. The rocks were picked out mainly for making stone weapons.
Making the stone weapons wasn’t very difficult. They were primarily stone spears, rock hammers and rock axes. There was no way to make things that were too powerful.
Even though they were just a little more than 100 people, and the number of adult men among them didn’t exceed 50, they could not prepare too few weapons. Stone weapons were easily broken, so each person had to ready several usable weapons.
And Zhao Hai still had to pick up more rocks to be used as falling rocks from above the castle walls, since he never wanted to engage in a direct resistance against the necromantic creatures and toxic beasts when Zhao Hai and others prepared their weapons. They never had the power to fight, anyway. They could only use the castle itself as a means of defense, with the assumption they were working under being that the horde were small. Otherwise, they would absolutely not be able to hold up at all.
But a problem came immediately. The mountain here had been an iron ore mine in the past, but one that had been dug out by the dwarves, with places that could really be excavated for rocks now turned into lakes. Simply finding an excavation site in the afternoon made Maylin’s group waste a lot of energy.
In the end, Maylin’s group found a small mineshaft that could be excavated, which wasn’t far away from the castle, but it couldn’t be said that it had too many rocks. Maylin herself couldn’t help but sigh internally over the fact that this dwarven-excavated mountain looked like it had been robbed clean. So clean, it made people want to cry.
Maylin’s group had to return to the castle dejectedly at late afternoon. They found out that the idea of making stone weapons out of rocks wasn’t going to work. One reason being that they didn’t have experience in quarrying, and another reason being that the tools in their hands weren’t very effective, thus the work speed was too slow. Plus the rocks here weren’t many, so it wouldn’t be enough even if this place were to be dug out. Maylin could only relay this to Zhao Hai. This plan had to be aborted.
Zhao Hai was really resting at late afternoon as his body couldn’t keep up. Since he had trained in the morning and walked for such a long distance today, he was really tired. He fell asleep as soon as he laid down.
Maylin had returned by the time he woke up. When he heard what Maylin said, he ran out of ideas. The only thing he could do was waiting for Greene’s return and then sell the radishes, before buying some weapons from outside.
Before Greene came back, there was nothing they could do. If the horde from Rotten Corpse Swamp really came, they could only hide inside the space.
Just when Zhao Hai was at his wits’ end, Meg suddenly ran in from outside with excitement on her face as she said, “Good news, young master!” Meg had changed subconsciously ever since she hugged him when Zhao Hai had improved the soil for the first time. Now, whenever she saw him, she no longer lowered her head, and was more natural, not to mention more active.
Zhao Hai and Maylin were both taken aback, and the latter asked, “What’s the matter?”
Meg smiled, “Granny, a slave came and talked to me. She said she knows about grass-weaving, and can turn the grasses on the mountain into different things, like mats, curtains and shoes.”
Zhao Hai went still for an instant before his eyes sparkled. He felt that this was an opportunity. In his regulation of removing the status of slavery, it was stated that as long as one had skills and performed well, he would remove his or her slavery status, but none of the slaves came to him in these days who said that they had certain skills. Although the slaves were energetic in their work, Zhao Hai was still very disappointed.
Zhao Hai also knew that the slaves wouldn’t change directions in such a short time. They didn’t perform because they were afraid. A long and time consuming process was needed to change this situation, and there also had to be someone taking the lead.
The slaves had been oppressed for too long and their thoughts had become rigid. It would take time for them to accept the new order.
Zhao Hai had already prepared himself mentally, but he didn’t expect that the slaves would give him a surprise today. There was actually someone who stood out on her own. Even though it wasn’t a notable skill, this lead was too great. Zhao Hai had the intention to ‘buy the horse bones with 1000 gold pieces’. And now behold: the horse bones had come.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 29 – Reward
Zhao Hai stood up happily and said, “Bring me to this person. Quickly.”
After he finished, he held Meg’s hand as they walked outside. Meg was startled before she glanced at the hand that was held by Zhao Hai. A trace of joy flashed across her eyes before being replaced by embarrassment.
But Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood to notice this. Maylin and the others didn’t notice it either. They just followed Zhao Hai out of the castle.
Once they went out, they saw a slave standing there. But this slave surprised Zhao Hai a little, because it was a girl.
Zhao Hai thought that the one standing there would be an older one, but he never thought she’d be this young. Zhao Hai stood there idly as he looked at the slave girl standing at the gate between the outer section and the castle.
This slave appeared to be no more than 20 years old. Perhaps due to malnutrition, she appeared to be starved thin as her figure was very petite. She had a head of brown hair which looked rough, and she was wearing rough rags for clothes. Her skin was very dark and coarse, while her looks were rather ordinary.
She stood there nervously, and it seemed like she was shivering. She even kneeled down the moment she saw Zhao Hai and the others, not daring to make a move.
Meg spoke to Zhao Hai immediately, “Young master, it’s her. She’s called Dou, and she’s 20 (years old) this year. She just looked for me and said she knew grass-weaving.”
Zhao Hai nodded. He knew that slaves in this world wouldn’t have surnames. Their names would only be singular words. If a slave’s name were to be two words, it would be a transgression, which would warrant execution.
Zhao Hai looked at this girl called ‘Dou’, and spoke, “Raise your head.”
Dou raised her head with jittering, but she still didn’t dare to look at Zhao Hai and just kept kneeling. Zhao Hai nodded, “You are Dou ?”
Dou planted her forehead to the ground, “Yes, master.”
Zhao hai nodded, “Are you good at grass-weaving? Where did you learn it from?”
Dou replied, “Replying back to master. I became a slave the year before last year. I was a commoner, and I would use grass to make things most of the time. I learned it over time.”
Zhao Hai nodded. He found out that while Dou was timid, her words were in order. It appeared that this was closely related to her past of being a commoner.
Zhao Hai nodded and then ordered, “Bring some grass. Make something for me right now.”
Dou heeded immediately and then went away. Not long after that, she brought a bale of dried grass back. It seemed that she was prepared. These grasses had been washed beforehand, so they had become more tender.
Dou bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Pray pardon my insolence, master.” Zhao Hai nodded, and Dou immediately sat on the ground to start moving her hands with the grass. It could be seen that she was making a grass mat, and her movements were very quick. It didn’t take more than a short while for a small mat to be finished. The mat appeared to be very smooth and soft. Its appearance was very beautiful as well.
Zhao Hai nodded and then spoke to Dou, who was kneeling yet again, “Alright, Dou. You have offered a great contribution to Buda family. From today onwards, you are no longer a slave. You are our Buda family’s citizen of the black fief. You no longer need to kneel down when you see me. A simple bow will do. You will also have a single room for the sake of work, from which you will have a single silver coin every month as a wage, and I’m giving you the surname ‘Buda’. From today onwards, your name is Dou Buda. Mmmh. Dou as a name isn’t too suitable for a girl. Let’s call you ‘Ju’.”
Everyone in the yard heard Zhao Hai’s words. They truly didn’t expect Dou to become a citizen simply by being skilled with grass-weaving. She even gained a wage, and most importantly, a surname from Zhao Hai. This was an incredible matter. One should know that there were many commoners on the continent who didn’t have a surname.
Dou, no, Ju Buda knelt excitedly on the spot now, her whole figure trembling. She had never thought that she would really become a citizen. She was no longer a slave. All of this was like a dream.
The reason why Ju had the courage to be the first one to say she had skills was completely due to the thought of an all-out gamble. Her family hadn’t originally been enslaved, and had still been a normal family 2 years ago. They had their own plot of land, though it had only been 5 acres, which had barely been enough to support the whole family. Her father had been somewhat good at masonry, so the family didn’t need to worry about food and clothes.
But in that exact year, her family suffered from a bug plague. 5 acres of crops had completely been eaten clean, without a single pellet of harvestable rice. There were plenty of people who shared the same fate. Then, due to the large-scale cessation of crop production there, which caused the prices to rise, her whole family had immediately been on the verge of starvation. In order to let the whole family eat well, her father had no choice but to work all day and night. But one time, he was injured and could no longer continue to work. The family had to sell their land and home in order to get a doctor for him, but it wasn’t enough. Out of options, they borrowed a high-interest loan from a noble, but her father couldn’t hold on and died from sickness. Without the ability to pay back the loan, the noble made her mother, herself, and her younger brother into slaves. Her mother died not long after that because of overbearing sadness. Her mother’s dying wish was to let their family become commoners again.
However, it was extremely difficult for a slave to be restored to commoner status. Ju Buda had also seen many slaves who were like them, who offered their own children in order to restore their status. But not only could they not regain their status, their children were soon tortured to death.
Ju became even more cautious after that. She did her best to avoid attention while taking care of her younger brother. The siblings depended on each other for their lives.
And then, their original master sold them to slave traders, and they were eventually bought by Greene and drafted to the Black Wastelands.
Ju’s heart moved when she heard that Zhao Hai would restore anyone’s commoner status as long as there were contributions made. But she didn’t stand out immediately, because she was afraid that her skills wouldn’t be noticed by Zhao Hai, since she only knew about grass-weaving.
After several days of observation, she found out that these nobles (Zhao Hai and the others) were not like the ones she had seen before. They were amiable, would let them eat until they were full everyday, and even prepared firewood to let them keep warm.
Ju couldn’t afford not to stand out today, because her younger brother was sick. Although it wasn’t a major sickness, it would be very dangerous for him to keep on working like this. Ju was afraid. Her younger brother was her family’s hope, so she had to save him no matter what. That was why she came out.
After a while of idling, Ju planted her forehead to the ground again, “Master, I dare not want your reward. I only wish that you can save my younger brother. He is sick.”
Zhao Hai was taken aback, “Oh? Is that so? So you have a younger brother here as well. Don’t worry, I will not take back your reward. Since your brother is here, I will let your brother share your status as well and have Buda as his surname. Oh right, what’s his name? Where is he? What sickness is it?”
Ju was stunned. She didn’t imagine that Zhao Hai would do this. He even restored her younger brother’s commoner status. Her mother’s wish was fulfilled this quickly, which moved Ju to tears. She spoke with sobs, “Master, my younger brother is called ‘An’. He’s now in a house.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Rise. You are now a commoner, and you don’t need to kneel. Take me to your brother.”
Ju stood up obediently. She had only been a slave for a few years, so she wasn’t completely enslaved. Plus she was very clever herself, so she always had a great performance. She regained her composure soon after that.
Under the watchful eyes of the slaves, Ju led the way for Zhao Hai and the others to a stone house. It wasn’t very large as it was only around 20 square metres, which could fit 4 people. These people lived on the ground, which was simply covered with dried grass. Right now, a person was lying on the dried grass.
This person appeared to be about 17 or 18 years old with a rather sturdy figure and normal looks. He was wearing rags for clothes, and his forehead was branded with the Buda family insignia. But right now, he didn’t appear to be well. His face was green and his eyes were shut.
Zhao Hai took a glance and turned to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, can you see what’s wrong with him? Why is his face green?”
Maylin glanced at An and replied, “Young master, he’s been poisoned. It’s most likely the toxic grass we saw yesterday. It’s likely that he touched it without knowing at work today. He didn’t feel much because he’s strong, but the poison is slowly taking hold after coming back. That’s why he’s like this.”
Zhao Hai didn’t think that the grasses had such a great toxicity. He asked in a hurry, “Can he be treated?”
Maylin smiled, “Don’t worry, young master, he can.” After that, she chanted in a low tone, and a ball of aqua-colored light appeared in her hand. She then put the light into An slowly, burying it into his body.
An’s body seemed to slowly emanate a blue light, and then a green gas was forced out of him by the blue light. When the blue light completely took over, An’s complexion gradually became normal. The blue light also vanished after that.
Zhao Hai didn’t think that magic could be used to counteract poisons. It appeared that he always underestimated this world’s magical capabilities. Since this world was always developing a magical civilization, it now seemed to be at a limit. It was no longer a wonder when something like this could be done.
Maylin looked at An’s complexion and said, “Young master, it is done. The poison inside him is gone. He should be back to normal after waking up tomorrow morning.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Granny Maylin, give Ju and An a room in the castle. Prepare some furniture for them tomorrow. They are now citizens of the Buda family, so they can’t have the same treatment as the slaves. Blockhead, haul them over to the castle after a while.”
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 30 – Broke Again
Zhao Hai specifically allowed Ju Buda have dinner with them that night. He wanted to use this method to let Ju Buda become an example for the other slaves, in order to invigorate a new energy within them. It would let them come up with all sorts of ways to improve their current lives. Only then would the slaves be more creative.
Ju Buda was very nervous. Even though she was now a commoner, she knew that commoners too had no right to eat with nobles. However, Zhao Hai let her dine in the castle’s dining hall, which made her even more nervous.
But when Maylin served the dinner, Ju Buda was stunned. She had been a commoner before, so she had never seen what nobles ate. She just heard about how much nobles would eat per meal, what they ate first, and then what they ate after that. The first of a whole course was demanding already. The utensils they used were made of either gold or silver, so when Zhao Hai let her come dine with them, she thought she would be witnessing such a situation.
But she couldn’t believe that what she saw was Zhao Hai and the others’ dinner when Maylin served it. Normal bread, soup, vegetables and meat. Only Zhao Hai had a serving of meat, while the others didn’t have any. Such a dinner too was much better than what the slaves were having.
Zhao Hai noticed Ju’s expression as well. Ever since Ju entered the dining hall, she was standing there nervously. She didn’t dare to sit down, even though she was allowed to. Now that he saw Ju’s look, Zhao Hai smiled, “Come and sit down, Ju. I already gave you a surname. According to the rules, you are also a member of Buda family. No need to be so nervous. Sit.”
Zhao Hai shot Meg a look while he was speaking, and Meg knew what he meant immediately. She walked to Ju’s side and smiled, “Big sister Ju, please sit down. Young master is easy-going. We are also eating with him at the same table every day. The rules that other nobles have do not apply here before him, so there’s no need to worry.”
Ju knew about Meg’s identity as well. She knew that Meg and the others were Buda family’s servants. Even in other places, a person of such status would also have a high standing. At the very least, their status would be much higher than commoners like her.
But Ju knew after these days of early observation since arriving at Black Wastelands. Meg was a good person. Even though Meg always oversaw the slaves during their work, there wasn’t any beating or scolding. She just told everyone what to work on. With Meg being a girl, Ju’s nervousness was gradually calmed down.
It didn’t take long for Maylin to bring out the entire dinner. Maylin looked at Ju somewhat nervously and smiled at her kindly, “Missy, there’s no need to be nervous. You are a member of Buda family from now on, so relax. Young master is a good man. That reminds me, you said you were a commoner before, right? How did you become a slave?”
Perhaps it was Maylin’s benevolent appearance which made Ju let go of her last trace of nervousness. She finally explained how she became a slave, in a low tone.
Zhao Hai and the others didn’t make a sound as they just listened quietly. After Ju finished, Zhao Hai sighed, “The world hasn’t fallen into chaos even when there are such nobles? This is really a miracle. Alright, granny Maylin, let’s eat. Ju, you are now a servant of the family. You will receive a wage every month for having the identity of a citizen. Follow Meg tomorrow, and learn from her well.”
Zhao Hai was excited about Ju’s grass-weaving skills, but he also knew that Ju’s handicraft wasn’t a big help to them. Zhao Hai’s reason for granting Ju so many rewards this day was due more to her courage than her skills. Regardless of why she stood out, the fact that she had the courage to do so was worth Zhao Hai’s reward. With Ju’s example, he believed that other slaves would work even harder.
Ju kept on peeking at Zhao Hai and the others during dinner, but she discovered that they didn’t have any odd displays. They just ate naturally and didn’t show that they found the food hard to swallow as she expected.
After having dinner, Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the living room. He spoke to Ju after sitting down, “Ju, I will let Blockhead and Rockhead give you a bed and some sheets later. Take good care of your younger brother today. Follow Meg tomorrow morning, and do what she lets you. If there really is nothing to do, then make more grass mats for others outside the castle. The weather is still a little cold right now, so tell them to block the cold winds by putting the mats behind the windows.”
Ju replied immediately, “Yes, master.”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Ju, you’re already a servant of the family, not a slave. No need to call me master. Just do like Meg and others, and call me young master. Blockhead, Rockhead, bring bedsheets to Ju and An’s room. Ju, go back and take care of your younger brother.”
The 3 of them heeded with a sound before they turned and left. Zhao Hai sighed while Meg and Maylin were standing next to him, “Let’s hope Ju’s matter can stimulate the slaves. Our family has nothing left right now. If the slaves can make some stuff, maybe we can discover 2 talented people.”
Maylin nodded at that. She too knew about Buda family’s current difficulties. Even though they bought a lot of supplies before coming to Black Wastelands, the supplies were mostly food and clothing. If not that, then some tools. They didn’t buy things that would cost them too much space. Otherwise, each of the slaves would have a bed.
They didn’t have to stress about food right now, but they had to worry themselves about Rotten Corpse Swamp. The pressure was greater than before.
Maylin was actually confident in Meg’s capabilities, as well as her own. She believed that they could deal with common magic beasts even if they came. One shouldn’t forget that she was a level 8 mage, while Meg was a level 6 mage. Blockhead and Rockhead were level 6 fighters. None of the 4 of them were shabby.
The reason why Maylin didn’t tell Zhao Hai not to worry, was because she was clueless in her heart as well. What sort of a place was Rotten Corpse Swamp? It was one of the 5 Forbidden Areas of the continent. Even a level 9 mage wouldn’t come back intact after going in, not to mention a level 8 mage like her.
Even though they didn’t need to enter the swamp, if the attacking horde was too powerful, she couldn’t guarantee that she could repel them. That was why she didn’t assure Zhao Hai.
Just then, Zhao Hai suddenly stood up and turned to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, I’m going into the space. The magic radishes have matured, so I have to go and collect them. Are you coming?”
Maylin shook her head, “I’m not, young master. I still have to clean up in the kitchen. Let Meg go with you.”
Zhao Hai nodded and then turned to Meg, “Meg, the place you’re going to with me is currently our family’s greatest secret. Other than you, me, granny Maylin, Blockhead and Rockhead, no one else knows about it, even grandpa Greene. That’s why you must not mention this to anyone else.”
Meg didn’t know what to do when Zhao Hai was talking so seriously. She turned to Maylin, who nodded, “Meg, listen to young master.”
Meg nodded immediately, “Yes, young master. Relax. I will definitely not speak of this to anyone else.”
Zhao Hai nodded, and with a thought, the 2 of them were inside the space. Meg’s reaction inside the space was mostly the same as Maylin’s. Now, the radishes had matured while the corn sprouts were growing.
Zhao Hai explained the use of the space to Meg before collecting the radishes. Just like before, the radishes and their leaves were collected separately.
Meg looked at this amazing space and understood why her grandmother and Zhao Hai said that this was Buda family’s greatest secret. It wasn’t just a secret, but also the hope of Buda family’s re-establishment. It was no wonder the 2 of them put great importance on this place.
After collecting the radishes, Zhao hai bought another sack of radish seeds. He had stored nearly 6000 kilos of corn and 3 seasons of radishes right now, but the gold coins in his possession had gone down to 50. Although he still had other sacks of seeds, it wasn’t the time to plant those things yet, so the seeds could only remain within the storage.
After doing all of this, Zhao Hai turned to Meg and said, “This is the amazing space which I got, Meg. Everything in here listens to me, and it is also the hope of Buda family’s resurrection. You must not speak of this to anyone.”
Meg responded seriously, “Don’t worry, young master. I know the stakes. I will not tell.”
Zhao Hai nodded to Meg and said, “Let’s head out. There’s no need to pay attention to anything here for time being, and it’s getting late outside. You should rest early as well.”
With a thought, the 2 of them appeared in the living room again. Blockhead and Rockhead had returned just then, but they weren’t surprised at how Zhao Hai and Meg appeared so suddenly. The twins had been to the space before, so they knew what was going on.
Zhao Hai nodded when all of them were around, “Alright, everyone go and rest. We have to get busy with stuff tomorrow. Meg, bring Ju with you to let her learn some things tomorrow.” Meg heeded with a sound, which prompted Zhao Hai to return to his room slowly.
Zhao Hai had to think carefully about what to do next. He was down to only 50 gold coins again. He wanted to see whether he should turn the radishes into gold coins or the corn. If neither would work, then he could only plant the other 10 acres (where radishes were planted) with corn as well.
Zhao Hai thought about the space as he lay on his bed. Now that he only had 50 gold coins, if he definitely had to sell something in exchange for money, he would be more inclined to sell the radishes. Before Greene came back, there wasn’t a lot of use for them, and with the radish leaves being kept separately, he wouldn’t need to worry about having nothing to feed the blue-eyed rabbits, even when the radishes were sold.
There was a lot of corn, whose use was greater than radishes. They could not only be used as food, but animal feed as well. He seriously didn’t intend to sell the corn yields.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






stPrevious Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 31 – Rollers, Mills
Zhao Hai’s figure disappeared as he entered the space again. He still didn’t like other people watching when inside the space, but in order to placate Maylin and the others, he had no choice but to bring them in for a look. Right now, the family still needed them.
The reason why Zhao Hai had let Maylin and Meg know about the situation was in order to make them more confident. Right now, the crises in the Black Wastelands were coming one after one another. If Maylin and the others lost their confidence, then everything would be finished.
Zhao Hai sold the radishes immediately. There were 3 seasons of them, so the total was 1500 gold coins. With the 50 gold coins in his possession, he now had 1550 gold coins. If they were used to plant radishes, up to 10 seasons of them could be planted.
It wasn’t that Zhao Hai didn’t want the radishes to bear seeds. However, radishes were different from corn. People eat radishes for their tube roots, and it wasn’t known if the space would let them bear seeds. Even if the radishes would bear seeds, the quantity would be few, and they would not yield as much as corn. That was why Zhao Hai didn’t let the radishes bear seeds.
Since he earned quite a bit of money from selling the radishes anyway, he would earn more if they were sold outside. The family would be able to sell the radishes outside if Greene returned. Then, he could buy some books about the continent’s plants. That way, he would be able to decide what to plant. He knew too little about the continent’s plants right now, so he couldn’t develop, even when he wanted to.
Zhao Hai was out of options. After selling the radishes today, he would harvest another season of them the next day. He only told Greene that he had 80000 kilos of radishes, so a single season of them was enough for time being.
Yet even though he had 1550 gold coins, they weren’t nearly enough. Radishes could be harvested 3 times a day. In other words, the money in his hand would last for 3 days. He would have to sell the radishes again after 3 days.
Zhao Hai was bummed out about all this. His level was too low right now. He couldn’t buy seeds of a higher level, even though he wanted to, so he could only wait. He didn’t know when he could let the space level up at this rate.
It didn’t take long for Zhao Hai to fall asleep after coming out of the space. He also discovered that he seemed to sleep very well recently. He slept in the afternoon, and yet he could still sleep at night. It was unbelievable.
Zhao Hai was woken up by the notification of the radishes’ maturity next morning. He entered the space and saw that not only were the radishes ready, the corn was also about to mature as well.
He collected the radishes immediately and bought another sack of seeds to plant again. Since the corn was about to mature in a few minutes, he just washed his face with water in the space and waited for it.
Zhao Hai was seriously having an urge to bite when he looked at the corn. He was from the north. Although no one made corn their main breakfast, an occasional meal of it was quite nice. However, the corn was the mass-produced type, instead of the specifically grown ones of the past. Its taste was inferior to village corn, as it was mostly planted with chemical fertilizers, so Zhao Hai had only eaten it several times on occasion.
But one day, he went to a relative’s place in a farming village, and ate something good. It was fried corn flour dough, made with a large iron wok. Truly delicious.
The flat corn dough was completely different from the ones in the cities. Although the corn flour was coarse, the dough itself was fragrant. Its underside was dipped in vegetable soup while the other side was fried to a bright reddish brown. It not only had the fragrance of corn when bitten, but also the abstract taste of the wok-fried vegetables, made all the more better by the soup.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help himself from drooling when he thought of this. He regained his senses, gulped down his saliva, and smiled bitterly.
Even though he had eaten corn ballast porridge and corn dough before, he didn’t know exactly how to make them. He only knew that corn ballast was comparatively easier to process, while corn dough was much more troublesome. For the latter, the corn kernels had to be ground into corn flour first.
If it were on Earth, the process of doing so would be very trivial. Just find a food processing factory, start up a machine, and voila.
But not here. There wasn’t a shredding machine here, so there was absolutely no way to process the corn.
Right after Zhao Hai sighed, the notification voice said that the corn had matured. He immediately put the corn into the storage, and replanted the 2 acres of soil with corn. He then looked at the planted soil idly. The yield of corn was high, but the processing itself was an issue.
Suddenly, he had an idea. He discovered a problem. Corn had surely existed longer than shredding and grounding machines. Could it be that people cooked corn this way and ate them in those years without the machines? They weren’t that silly, right? How did they process the corn?
He paced around in the space and rubbed his own forehead out of habit. He tried to figure out what humans used to make flour.
Suddenly, he smacked his own forehead as he finally thought about 2 things. He had only seen these 2 things on television before, so he had never used them himself. He hadn’t thought about them at the time because he had never seen villagers use those things in recent days either.
Rollers and mills!
Yep. Those were the things. When Zhao Hai went to his relative’s place, he saw a millstone, but one that had already been taken out. No one used those in farming villages these days. However, he asked what those things were used for out of curiosity. He then knew that the millstone and the mill itself were meant to grind rice into flour.
Most importantly, these 2 things were mostly made of rock and wood. Rock was doable. Although the amount of rocks they could excavate wasn’t a lot, they should be able to get enough to make a roller and a mill. The rocks used wouldn’t be a lot as well, and the materials needed wouldn’t be too good. Just the small trees from the mountain would do.
Zhao Hai couldn’t stay still after thinking to this point. He immediately left his space. Checking the sky, he knew that Meg and the others should be waking up by now. He pushed the door of his room open and walked out.
Once he came out, he saw Meg and Ju bringing a bronze washing basin towards his room. Meg was startled when she saw him, and said, “Why have you come out, young master? You haven’t washed your face and mouth yet.”
Zhao Hai laughed, “It’s nothing. I have already woken up and cleaned myself. Ju, how’s your younger brother? Has he woken up yet?”
Ju was standing behind Meg with a lowered head. When she heard Zhao Hai’s words, she replied in a hurry, “Thank you for your concern, young master. An has recovered. He’s waiting to pay his respects outside.”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Then why so polite? What respects? Come. Let’s go to the living room. You tell An to come here. I have something to ask him.”
Meg and Ju were both taken aback, but they obeyed without saying anything. They followed Zhao Hai to the living room.
Meg put the basin down when they reached the living room. She stood behind Zhao Hai as Ju went out to call for An.
In the castle, there was the main castle and the servants’ quarters. Zhao Hai and the others were living in the main castle, while the servants’ quarters were behind the main castle, and was made up of little houses. Ju and An were currently living in the servants’ quarters. Although it was said that they had become commoners and were given a surname by Zhao Hai, their status was still very distant from Meg and the others. Meg and the others were confidants, while Ju and An were just normal servants.
Ju and An entered soon after. Now, An no longer had a dying look, but he lowered his head and didn’t look brave enough to speak.
Ju lowered her head in front of Zhao Hai and said, “Young master, An has arrived.”
Zhao Hai nodded and looked at An who stood not too far away from Ju. He smiled, “Tell him to come over. No need for such serious formalities. I have something to ask him.”
Ju immediately called An over, who then prostrated himself in front of Zhao Hai with a ‘thump’, “An greets young master. Thank you, young master, for saving my life.”
It seemed that Ju had told An about it before, to call Zhao Hai ‘young master’ instead of ‘master’. Zhao Hai nodded, “No need for such manners. You are now a member of the family. It’s only proper for me to save you. Stand up and speak.”
An put his forehead to the ground again and replied, “Thank you, young master.” He stood up, but in a half-bowed-down way. He didn’t dare to look at Zhao Hai.
Zhao Hai couldn’t hold back his frown when he looked at An. He didn’t like other people treating him this way. This whole slave look, he disliked it. Zhao Hai growled, “An, raise your head. Remember that you are now a part of the family. A commoner. Whatever you are going to do, it represents the family’s face. Don’t just bend your waist all the time and put on a slave’s look. That will only make others look down on our family.”
Ju and An both kneeled down when they saw how angry Zhao Hai seemed to be. They both kowtowed, “Please punish us, young master.”
Zhao Hai was bummed out, and only said, “Fine, stand up. Don’t just kneel down for no reason.” Both Ju and An stood up. An was standing straighter now. Zhao Hai continued, “I’m asking you, An. Do you happen to know some masonry techniques?”
An replied immediately, “Yes, young master. My father was a stonemason, so I learned some techniques as well. Although I’m not very skilled, I can still make some common things.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Very well then. I will draw up a couple of plans. See if you can make them out. If you can, then organize people to get some rocks and make what I want immediately.”
An’s heart skipped a beat, but he bowed and replied, “Yes, young master.”
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 32 – Sowing Seeds
Zhao Hai arrived at the study upstairs which Greene prepared. There were a collection of books, but not a lot. There were also some writing memos, and no shortage of writing papers and pens.
What surprised him was that there were several kinds of pens. Some were made from feathers, some were made from bones, and some were made from metal and shaped like signature pens. Writing brushes, charcoal pens, pencils, eastern and western blends, ancient and new, they all opened Zhao Hai’s eyes.
But Zhao Hai wasn’t impressed by the papers. They weren’t white papers as he had expected. They were yellow, like cow skin, which he had seen before when he was little. These papers were very hard, and much coarser than even cow skin.
Zhao Hai went speechless. In Adam’s memories, there were sights of falling flowers, snowfalls and moon phases, as well as sounds of dogs and horses. However, there wasn’t a single memory about papers and pens. That much should tell what sort of character Adam was.
Zhao Hai used a charcoal pen to draw a millstone and a roller on a paper, and then brought it over to An.
An looked at the paper and replied, “I can make these things, young master. We usually use similar things to grind rice. Not the same, but close.”
Zhao Hai relaxed at this and nodded, “Good. Meg, arrange 40 men and have them learn how to make these 2 things from An. Make some more. These are for making flour. We have many people here, and it might not be enough if fewer are made.”
Meg heeded with a sound, and Zhao Hai continued, “The remaining 10 will go up the mountain to cut grass, and we’ll have the women learn how to weave grass from Ju. We have to hang grass mats on all of the houses in the shortest time. If people who know some handicrafts come to you, you must tell me. Also, tell the slaves that if sleeping on the floor is too cold, they can cover it up using corn stalks. We have too few resources right now, so we can’t let them sleep on beds, but constantly sleeping on the floor will cause sickness. Putting some corn stalks down will be enough to serve as beds for now.”
Meg heeded with a sound. She knew that there wasn’t a lot the slaves could do. The land of the fief hadn’t been improved, and there wasn’t much cleaning left to be done at the mineshafts.
After he gave out the instructions, Zhao Hai and the others left the study. They met Maylin in the living room, who came to let them know that breakfast was ready.
At the dining table, Zhao Hai relayed what he had arranged to Maylin, who didn’t object. Processing flour was quite useful, so Zhao Hai’s arrangement couldn’t be better.
After breakfast, Meg immediately arranged the people according to Zhao Hai’s instructions. She let Rockhead lead An and the others to find suitable rocks to make rollers and mills, while she was in charge of the women, who then sat on the ground and began grass-weaving.
The whole castle was bustling, but Zhao Hai and Maylin weren’t in the castle. This time, they were in the valley after travelling by the lake, just the 2 of them. There wasn’t any danger after all, and it would be easier on Maylin if one less person needed to be carried.
Upon arriving at the valley, Zhao Hai looked at the 10 acres of soil which he improved. After noticing that there were no changes, he improved another plot of land. 10 acres, like before.
Once Zhao Hai finished with the soil improvement, Maylin said, “Young master, how about we let the slaves come here and rake the soil and plant something on it first?”
Zhao Hai shook his head, as he still wanted to conduct an experiment with this plot of soil. He would never forget that the shovel inside the space could be taken out for use and turn up to 10 acres of soil every day. Meanwhile, he wanted to know whether the things inside the space could be controlled after coming out of it. If they could, then he could plant 10 acres of crops on his own every day.
Maylin knew that Zhao Hai must be trying to do something when he shook his head, so she didn’t say anything further.
With a thought, the shovel came out of the space, which immediately started digging up the soil. When Zhao Hai thought about sowing the seeds, corn seeds appeared from the space and fell into the flipped soil. He relaxed once he confirmed that the seeds had been properly planted.
But Zhao Hai discovered a problem as well, which was that none of the objects from the space could leave the 10 acres of soil. They could only move within its perimeter, and unable to perform complex tasks. For example, the shovel could only flip the soil, and was unable to do much else, while the seeds could not be used for anything else other than planting. He also wanted to test what the space’s water could do, but he couldn’t use it again after improving the soil for the day.
Zhao Hai wasn’t satisfied. If the space’s water could be changed as he saw fit, then perhaps he could use it as a weapon. However, it could only be used to water the soil.
Compared to his dissatisfaction, Maylin was extremely shocked. She didn’t expect that Zhao Hai could plant seeds in the soil the same way he did in the space.
After more than 2 hours, the 10 acres of soil were planted. The shovel flew back into the space on its own and the seeds no longer appeared. Even though it was just 10 acres, he was content that he could keep at this pace.
Zhao Hai asked, “Granny Maylin, can you use water magic to water this spot?”
Maylin returned to her senses and nodded. She walked over to the puddle and chanted an incantation in a low tone, which took a little longer than usual. After a while, a body of water floated from the puddle, which increased in size in mid-air before turning into raindrops that fell down.
Zhao Hai felt the wonders of magic once again. This was a bona fide artificial rain.
Actually, he didn’t know that not every mage could do this. Only high class mages like Maylin could, and this was just a supportive magic, not an offensive one. It was much simpler than offensive magics.
There was nothing worth criticizing about Maylin’s control over magic. It didn’t take long for the ground to become moist, and she immediately cancelled the magic after that.
Zhao Hai spoke to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, although plants here can’t mature as quickly as they do inside the space, this place is the foundation of our survival. I’m afraid that the space will disappear one day. That’s why I’m in a hurry to improve the soil.”
Maylin’s face changed color when she heard what Zhao Hai said, “Gods bless us. I hope young master’s space will never disappear.”
Zhao Hai smiled, “Alright, granny Maylin. I can only improve 10 acres for today, so let’s head back.” Maylin nodded and followed Zhao Hai to the cave.
Although it was very exhilarating to ride on the waves, Zhao Hai hoped that he could ride a boat soon. It’s just that they not only had no materials to build one, but also that no one that knew how, so he could only imagine.
Just when the 2 of them came out of the cave, they heard a whistling sound coming from a mine shaft not too far away. They looked in that direction and discovered that Rockhead was leading An and the others to bring the dug-up rocks out of the cave.
Zhao Hai walked over hurriedly, as he wanted to take a look at the rocks. Of course, he couldn’t tell if a rock was good or bad. He just wanted to see if the rocks were large enough.
One rock caught his eye, whose shape was uneven. It was around 1.5 meters in height, and was about 3 meters wide at its narrowest point and about 5 meters wide at its widest. Rockhead and the others brought a lot of ropes, which they used to tie the rock and drag it out of the cave, little by little.
Zhao Hai spoke immediately, “Alright. Put it down. I’ll take it back, so you go and get busy with something else.”
An and the other slaves looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, while Rockhead knew that Zhao Hai was going to take the rock using the space. Without further explanation, Rockhead told An and the others, “Alright, everyone put the rock down and go get another one from the cave. We don’t need to worry about this one.”
An and the others didn’t dare to disobey Zhao Hai and Rockhead’s words. They put the rock down in front of Rockhead and untied the ropes around it.
Once there were no ropes around it, Zhao Hai moved his hand and put the rock into the space’s storage. An and the others watched with wide eyes. They had never seen the various amazing powers that only powerful nobles would have, instead of small time ones. Slaves like An and the others had never even heard of spatial equipment, let alone ever seen one being used.
Yet they too knew about the wonders of magic. They assumed that Zhao Hai had used magic, which got them all worked up and thinking, (So master is a capable mage….) in their hearts.
Zhao Hai didn’t pay any attention to them, and followed Maylin back to the castle. On the way back, they saw several male slaves cutting the dried grasses on the mountain.
Zhao Hai didn’t help them take the grasses back. They were light, so he just let them deal with it.
The 2 of them saw that there were many women sitting on the ground, who were being led by Meg and Ju to engage in grass-weaving. Some women were bringing corn stalks from outside the castle towards the slaves’ houses.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 33 – Sudden Inspiration
The slaves were busy, but there were smiles on their faces. Those smiles were full of hope for life, which made them look energetic, with the days ahead looking promising.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile himself. He walked to where the corn stalks were piled up and put today’s share of stalks on top of them.
Zhao Hai didn’t feel like keeping his capabilities from the slaves, because they were branded, and their fates had been tied together with that of Buda family. There was no need to keep them in the dark.
The slaves had gradually gotten used to Zhao Hai’s various displays, so they didn’t have much of a reaction even when Zhao Hai brought out so many corn stalks.
Zhao Hai spoke to a female slave hugging a bunch of corn stalks, “These can be put on the ground or make fire, but remember not to cause a fire hazard. Also, these stalks still have moisture in them. It’s best to dry them under the sun before using them.”
The female slave and the others obeyed, but they didn’t kneel down this time. It seemed that Meg had managed to communicate with them smoothly.
Actually, Zhao Hai’s guess was off the mark. It wasn’t because of Meg. She may be the granddaughter of Buda family’s steward, but her position was so high above other commoners that she couldn’t get along well with them. Naturally, this meant that she couldn’t communicate well with slaves, who were even lower than commoners.
The reason for the slaves’ change was because of Ju. Ju had been a slave for a few years, and had been branded by the family, but had her commoner status restored by Zhao Hai. In the eyes of the slaves, Ju was much closer to them than Meg.
The biggest reason of all was that Ju still worked and laughed with them, so the slaves accepted Ju more.
Slaves were the lowest class of people on the continent, who sometimes could not even compare to a dog of their masters. There was a rumor that when a noble family’s dog died, 100 slaves were killed in a fit of pique. How much lower could the slaves get? That was why slaves bore a very strong caution towards anyone of a higher status or those related to one, and never believed them either.
Ju’s identity was special. She was a slave as well, but one who had had her commoner identity restored. Ju was always honest and sociable with the slaves, so they accepted her very quickly.
When women come together, they chat. Even the slaves were the same. Ju had no reason to keep anything from them, so she spoke all about herself. The slaves were very surprised, as they didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be so sociable.
Ju knew from Meg that Zhao Hai didn’t like people kneeling down in front of him for no reason, so Ju clarified that to the slaves. With Zhao Hai’s recent performance, the slaves let down their guards, so they no longer knelt in his presence.
To be honest, a modern day person would still not get used to people kneeling down everyday, even after inheriting Adam’s memories. He could only accept what was happening in order to avoid giving Maylin and Green things to talk about behind his back. Zhao Hai was even more at ease now that the slaves weren’t kneeling upon the sight of him.
Zhao Hai followed Maylin to the yard. Meg and the others tried to do the formalities, but he gestured for them to stop. He walked to an empty spot himself and put the rock down from inside the storage in the space.
Zhao Hai watched Meg and the slaves making grass mats. It was apparent that the slaves were adept as they did more things in their lives. Even those who hadn’t known how to do so had learned very quickly. Meg, on the other hand, was more clumsy in comparison.
Meg was on the ground while surrounded by more bales of grasses than each of the slaves. The grasses had almost covered her completely.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help but recalling a certain phrase from this sight: borrowing arrows using straw boats. It was how Zhuge Liang used scarecrows disguised as soldiers to stand at the front of the boats, with real soldiers steering the boats from behind and got a lot of arrows. Wait a minute. Straw boats!?
Zhao Hai clapped his hands once, as he knew what to use to make boats: grass. He remembered that on Earth, there was someone in the news that had used grass to make a boat in order to cross the Pacific Ocean. It wasn’t known if the lunatic had succeeded, but at least it confirmed one thing: grasses could be used to make boats!
Zhao Hai was so excited about the thought that he paced around in a circle for many times. This frightened Maylin greatly, who stood beside him. She asked Zhao Hai as she didn’t know why he was so excited, “Young master, young master, what’s wrong?”
Zhao Hai returned to reality after Maylin’s voice reached him. He looked around and noticed that everyone was watching him. He got embarrassed from this, and he replied, “Granny Maylin, tell Meg and Ju to come to the living room. I have something for them.” He walked hurriedly towards the living room of the castle after that.
Maylin didn’t know what Zhao Hai was going to do, but she knew it must be something good that Zhao Hai had come up with. She called for Meg and Ju without further ado.
Zhao Hai paced around in the living room after his arrival, while rubbing his own forehead out of habit. He stopped once he heard footsteps. Maylin, Meg and Ju had arrived.
Zhao Hai nodded, “Take a seat. I have something to say.” The 3 of them stood in front of him without sitting down.
Zhao Hai smiled and sat down himself. Then he waved his hand and said, “Please sit.” The 3 of them sat down, but Ju sat the furthest away from him with a lowered head.
Zhao Hai spoke, “I just thought of an idea. What we need right now is a boat, granny Maylin. That land in the valley needs to be attended to, but right now, we have too little resources and can’t make a boat at all. When I saw Meg making a grass mat, it came to me. Can we use grass to make a boat?”
Maylin and Meg were dumbstruck, while even Ju had raised her head. It was the first time they had heard of people wanting to make a boat out of grass.
Maylin asked uncertainly, “Is it really plausible, young master?”
Zhao Hai laughed, “Sure. It will work for sure. But the grass needed will be abundant. We must flatten the grass properly and use a lot of ropes to tie it all up. The grasses on the mountain are very sturdy, so they shouldn’t pose problems during the production of a boat. Okay, Meg and Ju, you go and try it with other people. Don’t worry about messing up. There’s plenty of grass on the mountain. We will make one for sure after several tries.”
Maylin didn’t say anything since Zhao Hai looked so confident. She thought, ‘Oh well. Failing in making a boat only costs some grass and rope. Not a big deal.’
Zhao Hai then said, “Come with me to the study, Meg. I’ll draw you a picture of a grass boat, and you’ll make one according to that.” Zhao Hai walked upstairs after that, with Meg following him.
Zhao Hai sketched the look of a straw boat according to his own memories. The concept wasn’t very complicated. The shape was like an arabic curve tipped shoe. The front was sloped up tall, while the back was flat, and the bottom of the ship was thick.
He had only seen a picture of it on the internet before, so whatever he sketched could only be used for reference.
He handed the finished sketch to Meg and said, “I roughly remember the look of the boat being like this. Just do it like this and see if it can be done. It’s alright to try it a few times.”
Meg heeded with a sound and walked away with the sketch. Not knowing what to do, Zhao Hai looked to the books in the study with a sparkle in his eyes.
Fortunately, even though Adam was a playboy, he had been of noble descent. The words on the books were things that Adam had known since he was little, so Zhao Hai knew them as well.
It was weird when he thought about it. The spoken language over here was largely similar to Chinese with minor differences, but the written language here was another matter altogether. If not for Adam’s memories, he would’ve been illiterate for sure.
Zhao Hai didn’t find the books to be very useful. There were only random notes and some history books. Some of them were obviously military books at first glance, and then some were related to magics and battle auras.
Zhao Hai read a history book for a bit, but he soon got dizzy. What sort of history book was this? It’s just a flat out mythology/bible, while the words were obscure and hard to understand.
Zhao Hai threw the history book aside after just a couple of pages, and then picked up a random note. It was written quite well, a bit like a traveller’s journey diary, with many details of the continent’s lifestyles and some legends. It suited Zhao Hai’s taste, which made him read it seriously.
Maylin was confused that Zhao Hai hadn’t left the study while Meg had already come out. She arrived at the door of the study and found that the door wasn’t closed. Zhao Hai was reading a book with a very serious expression.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 34 – Learning
Maylin almost couldn’t believe her eyes. She couldn’t be more clear about what Adam was like than she had been before. Adam had never liked reading books since he had been little, and he would always cry out loudly whenever he saw a book. His father forced him to learn, which managed to make him learn some of the words. But even so, making him read had proven to be futile.
Even though Zhao Hai had behaved very well in recent days, he had never mentioned anything about reading, so Maylin only assumed that ‘Adam’ had not changed his bad habit of reading aversion.
However, she could never have imagined that Zhao Hai had been a biblio-homebody back on Earth. Taking him away from books was about as ‘deadly’ as taking him away from the internet. The reason why had hadn’t read anything in recent days was because he had had to face one crisis after another. Of course he had not been in a mood to read.
Adam had just been a playboy in the past, so he knew nothing about the customs on the continent. Right now, the continent was relatively peaceful, and it was headed by 5 large empires. There were a total of 32 countries, large and small, in addition to some settlements of demi-races, which could be described as ‘very spacious’.
Zhao Hai was in Axu Empire, one of the 5 large empires of the continent. The other 4 empires were Rosen Empire, Leon Empire, Footoo Empire and Greenwave Empire.
His current fief, the Black Wastelands, was a dead land everyone on the continent had chosen to forget, but behind the iron mountain was Rotten Corpse Swamp, one of the 5 Forbidden Areas on the world that struck fear in the hearts of many.
The other 4 Forbidden Areas on the continent were:
Mt. Akraya, which was a territory of magic beasts. Of the people from the other races who went there, only a very few managed to come back alive.
The Far North Tundra, which was an icy world with extremely low temperatures. Only a handful of ice-type magic beasts could survive within.
Flame Island, which was an island on the surface of the sea, 5600 miles south of Greenwave Empire. Its surface area wasn’t large, but its volcano erupted constantly and the island was a mix of rock and fire. It was absolutely not a place where there could be life.
The last area was the Demonic Trench. It was said that the place was connected to the Demon World, but it had never been confirmed. However, it was true that demonic beasts that the continent had never seen before would come out from there from time to time.
Rotten Corpse Swamp was famous for its toxicity. Whether it was the magic beasts or undead creatures, they were all known for being toxic, as everything from there carried poison. That was why the swamp was listed as a forbidden area.
These things were blurry in Adam’s memories. There were some records on the random note, but they weren’t very detailed. To Zhao Hai, they were good enough.
Zhao Hai had been a homebody on Earth. If he didn’t know about traversal novels, then he wouldn’t be a complete one. Zhao Hai understood from the random note that he had arrived in a world similar to traversal novels. There were magics, battle auras, magic beasts, elves, dragons, dwarves… Quintessential of traversal novels.
It was due to this that Zhao Hai had become more determined that he had to keep a low profile. He didn’t know how powerful this world’s pinnacle-level experts were, but he could make a probable guess from how Maylin used water magic to water the soil today. 10 acres of soil, done in an instant using magic. It would be too easy for someone like Maylin to deal with him.
Zhao Hai slowly put down the book in his hand. His reading speed was faster than ordinary people, given the many years of habitual reading he had under his belt. The contents of the book didn’t prove to be too much of a help, but it let him have a greater understanding of the world he was now in.
Experts in this world were nowhere worse than the ones he had seen in the novels back on Earth. While in the novels, mages were bad at close-ranged combat and fighters didn’t have long-range offensive capabilities, in this world, there was nothing of the sort.
Mages’ bodies were not like fighters’, but they didn’t need to chant long incantations in order to use some simple magics. Mages like Maylin could cast magics below level 3 almost instantly. No one dared to underestimate such magics, and even fewer fighters would dare to engage in close combat with one such mage.
Even though fighters trained in battle auras, such auras could not be released on a whim, as time was needed in order to raise the battle aura’s concentration to the maximum. Common fighters would know how to use bows and arrows, while those who didn’t would at least use javelins or throwing axes. Their strength was not to be underestimated either.
Zhao Hai stood up slowly and took in a deep breath. After reading the notes, he felt more than before that his decision to keep a low profile was a correct one. There were too many experts in this world. Ones he could never afford to mess with.
Zhao Hai walked to the window of the study, and noticed that the window was made of paper. Currently, only civilians would use paper windows. Noble residences had glass windows, but they weren’t common, as the manufacturing costs were high, so Greene hadn’t bought any.
Zhao Hai opened the window gently and looked outside. The study was on the third floor, so the sunlight came in nicely. He could see the courtyards both inside and outside the castle, and he could also see that Meg and the others were busy with their work.
Many of the women were making grass mats, but Zhao Hai couldn’t see Meg from where he was. It seemed like she was getting ready to make a grass boat.
Zhao Hai watched the people with bitter laughter in his mind. These people were too easily satisfied, and they didn’t know that their lives were facing incredible peril.
Just then, Zhao Hai seriously hated himself. He had no power to protect these people. At most, he could only bring these people into the space in order to avoid disaster. But simply hiding would lead them nowhere. Rotten Corpse Swamp… Ever the source of his worries.
Right when he was in his thoughts, Maylin knocked on the door and spoke, “It’s time to eat, young master. Lunch time.” Zhao Hai was startled. He hadn’t realized that time had flown by so quickly. He looked outside again and saw that the people working on grass mats had returned to their houses for their meals.
When Zhao Hai opened the door, Maylin was giggling at him. Zhao Hai asked, “What are you happy about, granny Maylin?”
Maylin simply replied, “Oh, nothing. I’m just happy. Go for your lunch, young master.”
Zhao Hai nodded and followed Maylin downstairs. Meg and the others had also returned, and had been waiting for him downstairs. Zhao Hai then noticed that Maylin had readied the meals on the dining table.
After sitting down, Zhao Hai looked at Blockhead and said, “I have let Meg make grass boats in these few days, Blockhead. Lead more people to reap the grasses, and go find some more men to help Meg’s group. They don’t have as much physical strength on their own.”
Blockhead heeded with a sound, and Zhao Hai looked at Rockhead, “Rockhead, help An and the others bring back the rocks we need, as fast as possible. Set the rocks aside, and I will help you bring them back after they reach a certain quantity. That will save us a lot of work.”
Rockhead heeded with a sound, and then Zhao Hai spoke to An, “An, you must exercise caution when excavating the rocks. Better to get fewer rocks than to endanger your own safety.”
An obeyed with a sound, and then Zhao Hai spoke to Ju, “Right now, you should keep on instructing others how to make grass mats, Ju. Once they have learned how, you will follow Meg to make grass boats. They don’t have to be too large. Just enough for more than a dozen people will do. Don’t be afraid of using up the grasses. There are plenty on the mountain.”
Ju obeyed with a sound, and then Zhao Hai spoke to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, do you think we should set up a guard post on top of the mountain in order to monitor the Rotten Corpse Swamp and the castle’s surroundings? We can prepare ourselves if there are beasts and necromantic creatures coming from the swamp.”
Maylin thought about it for a bit and nodded, “You are right, young master. We should set up a guard post. I will arrange it after lunch, so don’t worry. Go and read more books if you have the time.”
Zhao Hai was surprised that Maylin would suggest that he read more books, but since he was going to visit the study often, he nodded, “Relax, granny Maylin, I will. But there have been too many matters to settle lately, so I will read books once we’re all good.”
Maylin nodded, while Meg and the twins were looking at Zhao Hai, dumbstruck. They grew up with Adam, so of course they knew what sort of a person he was. They were in disbelief when they heard Zhao Hai saying that he wanted to read books.
Everyone started eating their lunch after the conversation. It didn’t take long for Zhao Hai to finish his meal. After that, he went to the study immediately, as he wanted to understand this world very much.
Maylin looked at Zhao Hai with her eyes sparkling in happiness. This world may revolve around combat, but literate people were still very respected. Even in Axu Empire, many important positions were taken up by famous families of scholars, since the kings of the past had discovered that a country could not be without literate people.
It was also why Maylin was happy. Adam had drunk the Water Of Void, and Zhao Hai now had the space, which could be used as a place of refuge. But simply hiding would not work. He needed respect from other people. The only way to be respected without being able to learn magics or battle auras, was learning.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 35 – Onslaught
Maylin had been highly dissatisfied with Axu Empire, but she still hoped that Zhao Hai could one day return to the imperial capital and become an influential noble. That would truly mean that Buda family had been acknowledged by the old noble families, and become truly powerful.
What Maylin didn’t know was that Zhao Hai didn’t have the slightest intention of going to the imperial capital, and he had even less intention of gaining the old nobles’ approval. In his view, getting their approval had nothing to do with him. He would live out his days whether he had their approval or not. As long as he had strength, approval meant nothing.
It was no wonder that their values were so distant from each other. Maylin had lived on Ark Continent since she had been little, in a world where nobility reigned supreme. Gaining the approval of the old nobles was every new noble’s goal. Getting their approval meant that they had become true nobles. Otherwise, they’d be branded as noveau riches.
On the other hand, Zhao Hai was from Earth, from a time where there were no nobles. So what if you’re a noble? I am a noble as long as I have money. You cannot deny me as long as I have strength. That was why Zhao Hai didn’t mind not having the approval of the old nobles.
However, he would study seriously all the same, in order to know this world better. Only in this way could he let Buda family develop faster and stronger.
Zhao Hai didn’t read the random notes in a hurry. He searched around, but was unable to find any insightful writings. The simplest ones were perhaps the simple basics regarding magics and battle auras. He glanced at the books, and realized that they were written very abstractly. If there were no guidance from another person, one would not be able to get very far just by reading. Since he couldn’t learn magics or battle auras, he tossed the books aside after a few more pages.
In the end, Zhao Hai paid attention to the random notes. He then found something good when he was flipping around. It was a book about calligraphy.
This book detailed the uses of the various pens. Zhao Hai then understood that all of the different types of pens were not just for appearances. Each had their own use.
Brushes were for writing and drawing, commonly used by people who liked calligraphy a lot. Some mages also used such brushes to make magic formation scrolls, because formations on scrolls needed to be drawn larger.
Feather pens were the main pens used in making magic scrolls, due to the narrowness of their strokes, which made them suitable for middle-to-small-sized scrolls.
As for what appeared to be steel signature pens, they were used for writing and recording. The filling of the pen contained ink, which could then be used to write a lot of words. However, these pens could not be used to make magic scrolls due to metal having very bad magic conductivity. Mages normally didn’t carry metallic objects on them, since doing so would affect their use of magic. Of course, some special metals had very good magic conductivity, but their prices were highly expensive. No one would use them to make steel pens.
Charcoal pens were used exclusively in alchemy. They were commonly used to draw some schematics or drafts.
Zhao Hai also saw that, from the notes, great nobles on the continent still used brushes when signing important documents, as that was a display of their status.
This surprised Zhao Hai a little. Back on Earth, he had always wanted to learn Chinese calligraphy; however, he had had no money and teacher, so he had not been able to fulfill that wish. He hadn’t expected that there was calligraphy in this world. It seemed that he now had a hope of fulfilling that wish.
But, he found that learning calligraphy right now was impractical. There were too many matters to settle on the Black Wastelands to learn calligraphy.
Zhao Hai stayed in the study until 2 PM, when someone suddenly knocked on the door. Zhao Hai asked, “Who is it?”
Rockhead’s voice came from behind the door, “Young master, we have dug up some rocks. Please go and bring them to the castle.”
Zhao Hai put down a book he was reading, and then he opened the door, “Let’s go.” He walked outside with Rockhead following from behind.
Zhao Hai asked while he was walking, “Are you still digging for rocks in that cave?”
Rockhead nodded, “Yes, young master. An looked at those caves and said that the rocks in that cave are the easiest to be excavated. The rocks from that cave are not iron ores, so they’re best for making rollers and millstones. Maybe the dwarves stopped excavating because the rocks didn’t have any iron.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “We must prioritize safety. Right now, our family only has this handful of people left, and we can’t afford to lose them. Every person lost means every bit of strength gone. I’m having you watch them in order to prevent them from being too careless.”
Rockhead nodded as he knew what Zhao Hai meant. The slaves were very passionate in their work under the encouragement of Zhao Hai’s speech about removing the status of slavery. However, they were a bit too impatient, so attention had to be paid to their safety.
When the 2 of them reached the outer part of the castle, they saw that the women were still working on grass mats, but there was no sight of Ju or Meg among them.
Zhao Hai didn’t stay there. He went out of the castle with Rockhead towards the mountain. Zhao Hai noticed it when they climbed the mountain. There seemed to be a grass shed on top of the mountain. Zhao Hai asked Rockhead while he pointed at the shed, “Is that shed the guard post I talked about?”
Rockhead nodded, “Yeah. Granny Maylin allowed us to build a small shed. There are a couple of people keeping watch. The shift changes about every 2 hours.”
Zhao Hai nodded. As expected of Maylin of Buda family. The family had risen to their current place due to their military accomplishments. When Maylin had been younger, she had been a part of many expeditions. When it came to guard posts, it would be like second nature to her.
Just then, a figure of a person suddenly ran towards them while shouting loudly. Although Zhao Hai couldn’t make out what that person was shouting, his heart couldn’t help but sink. He turned to Rockhead, “Head to the cave, quick. Let everyone there return to the castle immediately, then go find Blockhead and the others and do the same. I’m going to find Meg and the others.”
Just when he was going to start running, Rockhead grabbed on Zhao Hai’s hand, “Young master, I alone will be enough. You go back to the castle. Buda family cannot go on without you. If anything happens, you go into the space.”
Zhao Hai was startled, and then his expression tensed up, “Nonsense! I am the head of Buda family. How can I shirk away in such times? Just go!”
Rockhead ran past Zhao Hai and then kneeled down in front of him. He hugged Zhao Hai’s legs, “Young master, please go back to the castle! If Buda family loses you, we will all be finished!”
Zhao Hai knew from the expression on his face that Rockhead wouldn’t move if he didn’t consent to it. He knew about the twins’ stubbornness. He remembered vividly how they put their swords against their own necks.
Zhao Hai could only nod his head and say, “Fine. Then you go ahead, and I’ll go back to the castle to let everyone inside.” Rockhead stood up and obeyed.
Just then, the running person stopped in front of Zhao Hai. He kneeled down and said, “Master, there are a lot of beasts and undead creatures coming from the mountainside. They are climbing up.”
Zhao Hai asked immediately, “Are there still people in the shed?”
The person answered, “Yes. He’s still up there.” Zhao Hai spoke furiously, “Idiot! Why hasn’t he come down? Rockhead, go and get that guy down.” Rockhead heeded with a sound and ran in the blink of an eye.
Zhao Hai looked at the kneeling slave and asked, “What is your name?”
The person replied, “Replying to master. I am called Lin.”
Zhao Hai nodded, “Go back to the castle immediately and find granny Maylin. See if she’s in the castle. If she isn’t, then tell the ones making the grass mats to get into the castle. This is my order. Go.”
Lin obeyed with a sound, and he sprinted towards the castle. Zhao Hai knew that he himself couldn’t possibly be as fast as Lin, so he let Lin bear his words ahead of him.
Zhao Hai tried to run towards the castle, but this physique of his really sucked. He was exhausted to the point of panting after running for just a few paces.
After reaching the castle, he noticed that the grass mat makers had gone into the castle. Maylin was standing there as everyone looked at Zhao Hai worriedly.
Maylin walked towards him and asked, “What do we do now, young master?”
Zhao Hai panted and spoke, “Granny Maylin, do a headcount immediately and see how many people are in this courtyard. I’m now entering the castle. When everyone’s here, tell them to close the gates.”
Maylin replied immediately, “You should stay here and do the headcount, young master. I’ll go to the gates.” She left as soon as she stopped talking. Zhao Hai wasn’t given a chance to object.
Zhao Hai was bummed out upon watching Maylin’s rear figure. His family was taking too much care of him. However, Zhao Hai knew that he had no means of self-defense, so it could only be this way.
He turned around and looked at the people standing here. Other than Lin, they were all females. There were more than 30 of them. Zhao Hai said, “Everybody line up.”
Once the slaves heard him, they lined up immediately. They were so fast, it greatly exceeded his expectations.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 36 – Horde Of Monsters
Zhao Hai assumed that it would be a very difficult matter for the slaves to get into lines, since they had never been to schools before. However, the female slaves got into formation as soon as Zhao Hai’s words left his mouth. They lined up neatly into 2 queues. It wasn’t any worse than when Zhao Hai had been in school.
Lin was standing all alone to one side. Zhao Hai knew that it was due to Lin being a male, since right now, he was the only male slave in the castle.
Zhao Hai couldn’t react to how fast they had lined up, and he looked at the slaves with incomprehension. He had no idea that the slaves had been trained in military formations since they had been little. Lining up was almost like an instinct for them.
Of course, slaves on the continent wouldn’t report their own numbers everyday, but whether they went to or return from work, they had to line up. There was a headcount before going to work, and a headcount after that. This was to prevent having any runaways.
Zhao Hai returned to his senses quickly, as he knew that now wasn’t the time to think too much. Immediately, he spoke, “Report!”
He almost shouted it on instinct, but the slaves immediately counted. The number was 35. In other words, right now on the courtyard, there were 34 female slaves and 1 male slave.
Zhao Hai nodded and spoke loudly, “Lin just received word from the mountain that there is a large horde of beasts and undead creatures coming towards this castle. There might be battle coming up. All of you stay here, and don’t go anywhere.”
The faces of the female slaves were filled with fear. If a human army came, they wouldn’t be afraid. Normally, if they didn’t resist, the other party wouldn’t kill them, because slaves could be sold for money. They would be safe most of the time.
However, the ones who were coming this time were toxic beasts and undead creatures, to which money wouldn’t have the slightest use. They couldn’t tell which were nobles and which were slaves. Humans were humans, and to them there was no difference of caste.
Some other slaves came in just then, who were all females. Ju was with them. Zhao Hai let them do a headcount. Excluding Ju, there were a total of 50 people, which meant that all the female slaves had returned.
From the look of things, Zhao Hai knew that Meg had probably returned but hadn’t entered the castle. She was probably waiting for Blockhead and the others.
Zhao Hai didn’t step outside. He knew that that would only make things harder for Maylin and the others.
He glanced at the slaves and then spoke to Ju, “Ju, watch them and make sure they don’t scatter around.” Then he spoke to the slaves, “I’m going to get some things from inside. Listen to Ju and don’t run around.”
After that, he ran into the castle. There was an underground storage area, which they had used to store the supplies which Greene had bought. He wanted to put those supplies into his space so that the toxic beasts and undead creatures wouldn’t trample them.
The underground storage was very large, so it took a while for Zhao Hai to finish putting everything away. He then ran upstairs, which also had a lot of things, especially the books in the study.
He also discovered that Greene had seemingly intended to nurture the slaves when he and the others had bought those books. Otherwise, there wouldn’t have been so many books about magic and battle auras. Those books were very important; they weren’t just a key for Zhao Hai to understand the world, but they were also the educational materials for Buda family.
After putting all the books into the space, he even put the tables and chairs into it, since there wasn’t a storage limit.
He didn’t store things like bedsheets first, as Greene had bought quite a number of them. They hadn’t yet been distributed to the slaves, probably due to how warm the weather had gotten. Now, there was a lot of bedsheets in the space’s storage.
After storing everything in the study, Zhao Hai heard Maylin calling for him from outside. He ran out of the castle in a hurry and saw that everyone had returned. All of the slaves had lined up and Rockhead had returned.
Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief and asked Maylin, “Is everyone back, granny Maylin?”
Maylin nodded, “Everyone’s back and the castle gates have been closed. The monsters shouldn’t be here so soon. How about you head into the space, young master?”
Zhao Hai shook his head, “Now’s not yet the time, granny Maylin. Let’s take a look from the outer walls. I’ve never seen these monsters before.”
Maylin looked at Zhao Hai with worry, “That’s not good, young master. It’s too dangerous. What if something happens to you?”
Zhao Hai laughed, “It’s fine. Don’t I have you? I just want to look at their numbers. If they come in abundance, we will retreat into my space. If there’s only a few, we’ll just fight them off.”
Maylin was taken aback, but didn’t say anything more. She was still confident in her own abilities. Just as Zhao Hai said, if there weren’t a lot of monsters, she might be able to fight them off.
Zhao Hai waved his hand and summoned Ju and An. He said to them, “You two stay here and watch them (the slaves). Don’t let them run around.” After that, he went to the top of the outer walls with Blockhead and Rockhead following closely behind. Meg was staying right next to him as well.
Zhao Hai was bummed out about their behavior, but he could do nothing about it. He was clear that he wouldn’t be able to get to the outer wall without letting them follow him.
Maylin and the others assumed that the toxic beasts and undead creatures wouldn’t advance so quickly, but when they got to the top of the outer wall, they discovered that the monsters were already descending from the peak of the mountain.
At the forefront were a pack of rat-like beings, which were much larger than rats. They were about a meter tall, with bodies full of green hair and mold on their feet. Their length exceeded 3 meters, excluding their long and thick tails.
Among these rat-like beings, there were several whose sizes were especially huge. 2 metres tall, with bodies that had 7-colored fur. They seemed to be the leaders of the pack. There were up to 1000 pack rats. The sight of 1000 one-meter-tall rats made Zhao Hai’s hair stand on end.
Behind the pack was a large bunch of snakes!
That’s right. They were snakes. An uncountable number of them, big and small, different shapes and sizes. Some of the snakes were green, and some of them were red. Some were in different shades of green. The largest few snakes were 7-colored, and a meter in thickness. One glance was enough to tell that they weren’t worth the trouble.
And behind the snakes was a giant pile of insects. Different sorts and types of insects. All of them had a trait, and that was that they were gigantic. Even a single spider would be a metre tall, while some were about 2 metres tall. Of course, there were some small insects as well, but they were very dangerous. Every movement from them was nimble, and they seemed very fast. They were crawling around in the pile of insects.
These insects were in different shades of green and with various colors. Just a glance was enough to tell that they were extremely toxic. Zhao Hai couldn’t help the sinking of his own heart. The quantity of the snakes was already enough, while the quantity of the insects was even higher.
Just then, the rat-like beasts that were at the forefront had already reached the moat. Apparently, they could swim, and the moment they did, the moat instantly became green.
Zhao Hai’s expression became unpleasant. Now he finally understood why there were no fishes in the moat. If the rats took a bath in the moat, it would be a weird matter for the moat to have fishes at all.
Maylin walked to Zhao Hai and said, “Let’s go back, young master. There are too many. We can’t deal with them.”
Zhao Hai nodded, and he glanced at the mountain, only to find that there were more monsters coming. This time, there were crocodile-like beasts. They were large and very colorful, and there were skeletons between them.
Indeed. In Zhao Hai’s eyes, they were skeletons. There were humanoid skeletons, beast skeletons, large and small. There were many kinds of skeletons, and gradually, there were more and more skeletons on the mountain.
Maylin tugged Zhao Hai’s arm and said, “Young master, let’s go.”
Zhao Hai nodded, only to suddenly feel that the sky above the monsters had darkened. When he looked at the sky in confusion, he noticed that there were a bunch of flying beasts which had appeared in a time he wasn’t aware of. They weren’t flying very high. Some of them were flying insects, while the ones flying higher were avian beasts. Now, Zhao Hai’s expression changed completely. It would be too simple for flying monsters to enter the castle.
Zhao Hai spoke, “Let’s run. There are flying monsters. We have to bring the slaves in, or it’ll be too late.”
Maylin had seen the flying monsters as well, and she spoke out loudly, “Blockhead, get back to the castle and have the slaves enter the castle!”
Blockhead heeded with a sound, and slowly emanated a yellow glow. His speed increased greatly in an instant, and he ran towards the castle in the blink of an eye. Meanwhile, Rockhead hauled Zhao Hai up and ran towards the castle. Fortunately, he used his battle aura as well. Although the speed was great, the trip was stable. Zhao Hai wasn’t too shaken from this.
Maylin was enveloped in an aqua-colored glow, and her speed wasn’t any slower than Rockhead’s. Meg flashed with a green glow, and her speed was much faster than Rockhead’s.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 37 – Enter The Space
It was fortunate that the castle grounds weren’t very big, and Rockhead was very fast. In just a few breaths’ time, Zhao Hai and the others had entered the living room of the castle.
The already small room became very cramped, due to too many people having been squeezed here. Luckily, there were no signs of chaos.
The slaves knew very well that if they were disobedient now, what awaited them could be death, so they obediently entered the castle under Blockhead’s instructions.
Zhao Hai spoke to Maylin and the others as soon as he entered the living room, “Granny Maylin, head into the space first. Settle the slaves down when they enter later. Tell them not to run around. Blockhead, Rockhead, secure the doorway. Meg, Ju, An, prepare everyone in their entry.”
Ju and An had never entered the space before, so Zhao Hai let Meg become the organizer, while Maylin was to settle anyone who entered the space down. Blockhead and Rockhead were standing guard at the front door in order to prevent the monsters from barging in.
And then, a hole appeared next to Zhao Hai. The slaves weren’t strangers to the hole, because it was the very same hole that appeared when Zhao Hai was improving the outside soil.
It wasn’t as if Zhao Hai didn’t want to bring these people into the space all at once. He simply wasn’t able to. He realized that when he wanted to put the slaves into the space, the space had no reaction, which surprised him.
Luckily, the space had an instant reaction when he let Maylin enter it. Maylin appeared in the space instantly, and Zhao Hai was relaxed. In the end, he had to create a hole and see if the slaves would enter.
The slaves were somewhat afraid, as they didn’t know where Zhao Hai was making them go, but when they saw Maylin entering the space, they knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t endanger them. They slowly stepped into the hole under Meg’s guidance.
Just then, sounds of monstrous roaring came from the outer area of the castle grounds, accompanied by the loud noises of the gate being rammed. Maylin redoubled her efforts to settle the slaves down. Fortunately, the hole Zhao Hai had opened was large enough for 4 people to enter at once.
Soon, all of the slaves had entered the space. Meg, Ju and An entered as well. With a thought, Zhao Hai himself and the twins also appeared inside the space.
The slaves looked around dumbfoundedly, while Zhao Hai ignored them. He noticed that the radishes had matured, but he didn’t have the time to collect them now. He spoke to the slaves loudly, “Everyone listen up. This is my space, so don’t move around aimlessly. Find a place to sit down, and be careful not to step on the crops.”
It was a good thing that other than planted soil, there were some empty plots of land which could not be planted. Zhao Hai had attempted to use the shovel on them, but the result was like in the game; it had no reaction whatsoever.
Although the slaves had no idea what this space was all about, they sat down obediently. Zhao Hai glanced at the slaves and then turned to Maylin, “I’ll go and get some empty cups. Pass them along, granny Maylin. If there is anyone who wants to drink water, just let them drink on their own from the water spring. Also, bring these sheets and have them sit on top of them.” After he finished talking, he walked to the front of the storage. With a thought, a pile of cups appeared in front of the storage’s door. These cups were cheap wooden ones, which had been bought by Greene and the others for the slaves.
Originally, these cups had all been issued to the slaves, but because of how urgent the situation had become, they hadn’t had a chance to bring their own things with them, so Zhao Hai could only re-issue them these cups.
Maylin and the others soon passed the cups to the slaves, and then Zhao Hai brought out a lot of bedsheets to put on the ground to let the slaves stay on them.
After that, he took out several grass mats, which the slaves had just finished making and he had stored into the space. He didn’t bring these mats out so that the slaves could sit on them. The mats were going to be used to build toilets. 100 people in the space would eventually have to answer the call of nature. There were males and females in here, and if there wasn’t anything that could be used as cover, it would be very inconvenient.
Fortunately, Greene and the others had bought some planks. Although there weren’t a lot, there were enough to build 2 toilets.
Blockhead and Rockhead led some male slaves to barricade a spot behind the hut and the storage. The female toilet was behind the hut, and the male toilet was behind the storage.
Zhao Hai and the others relaxed after they were finished with the toilet issue. He immediately collected the radishes and then planted another batch of them.
In order to calm the slaves down, Zhao Hai specifically gave each slave a single radish to eat. The flavor of the radishes wasn’t bad. It was sweet with a trace of spiciness. However, the sight of 100 people biting on the radishes was quite magnificent.
The slaves were eating very happily. They then learned from Maylin that these were actually magic vegetables. Nobody could say that they had eaten one before; this was the very first time they had even seen one. Everyone ate the radishes carefully, as if they were peerless cuisine.
Now that the slaves were emotionally stable, Zhao Hai went to the hut, which he hadn’t frequented before, since there hadn’t been anything there. Although there was a screen, it could only access the Shop, and since he never needed to enter the Shop in order to buy things, he no longer entered the hut.
Even so, there was a bed in there, and Zhao Hai wanted to take a proper rest. The troublesome events that had taken place had exhausted him thoroughly.
Although the size of the space was large, the hut was very small, and there was only enough room for a single person to sleep in. Of course, several people could fit where the table had been placed, but that spot wouldn’t be as comfortable as the outside.
Even though Zhao Hai wanted to sleep very badly, he knew that now was not the time. After entering the hut, he called for Maylin and the others to come inside as well, leaving only Ju and An to look after the slaves.
Maylin and the others sized up the hut, and noticed nothing special, so they could only sit down on the stools.
Zhao Hai spoke, “Now, we don’t know what the situation is like outside. I just hope that the monsters can return to the swamp sooner rather than later. But, we still have to prepare to live here for a long period of time. The corn will mature in just a few hours’ time, and with the food from outside, food won’t be a problem. Once the corn is mature, firewood will also not be an issue, but it won’t do if we let the slaves do nothing. Do you have some good ideas, granny Maylin?”
Maylin thought for a bit and shook her head, “This space is so large, and the soil doesn’t need them to be planted, so I have no good ideas. What do you think, young master?”
Zhao Hai walked around in circles while speaking, “Before I came in, I had put the books in the study here. How about you teach the slaves how to read, granny Maylin? If our family is to develop, it will not be enough if it’s just the few of us. I don’t think the slaves will betray us. If we let them learn some words, maybe it’ll be of use later.”
Maylin nodded happily at that, “Great! This idea of yours is great, young master! Now that there’s nothing to do in the space, teaching them some words will have a great use later. It’s settled.”
Zhao Hai nodded, and with a wave of his hand, the books from the study appeared in front of him, along with some papers and pens. Zhao Hai pointed at these things while speaking to Maylin, “Take a look, granny Maylin. Which one do you want to teach them with?”
Maylin looked at the books carefully before choosing one, “This one, young master.”
Zhao Hai glanced at it. What Maylin held was a random note, and one that was relatively simple, called ‘Axu Empire Travelogue’. Zhao Hai nodded and said, “No need to let them learn right now. They just got in here, so they are still a little shaken. Let’s do it after they’ve rested for a bit.”
Maylin nodded and then noticed how exhausted Zhao Hai looked, “You should take a good rest too, young master. We’ll go out now.”
Zhao Hai knew that this hut was small so it wasn’t suitable for them to rest inside. He nodded, “Alright. I left some more bedsheets at the storage. If you want to rest outside, remember to lay them down.”
Maylin nodded and led Meg and the others out of the hut. Blockhead and Rockhead stayed at the door to the hut like a couple of bouncers.
Maylin didn’t mind, and just walked to the slaves who didn’t know what to do. She said to them, “The place we’re in now is young master’s magical space. Everything here is in accordance with his will. It is likely that the beasts and undead creatures have already entered the castle, so only this place is the safest. That’s why you have to listen to us. Anyone who doesn’t will be chased out by young master. Understand?”
The slaves stood up immediately and replied in unison, “We understand.” This was also something that had been ingrained in them by the slave traders. Any trader who had acquired some slaves would give them some basic training before selling them off. The simplest trainings were lining up, headcounting, replying, kneeling down, and prostrating, so these things had already become a kind of reflex.
Maylin nodded, “You have done a lot today and were frightened. Young master said that you can rest here if you are tired, so go and rest. Remember where the toilets are, don’t run around, and don’t go near young master’s place. You aren’t allowed to snoop around. Understand?”
The slaves all heeded with a sound in unison.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 38 – Learning Words
Zhao Hai didn’t want to know what was happening outside the grass hut. He believed that Maylin and the others would sort things out. He was just so tired, he wanted to take a proper rest.
Zhao Hai immediately rested on the bed after putting a bedsheet over it. It took him less than a few minutes to fall asleep. This was due to the Water Of Void. He wouldn’t be able to stand it if he exerted himself a little more, not to mention the hectic situation he had been through today.
The slaves outside the grass hut rested as well, since they now had this chance after what had happened. They had nothing to say when what they were sleeping on were soft bedsheets, which were much better than dried grass. It didn’t take long for the whole space to enter a state of tranquility. Even Blockhead and Rockhead, who were keeping watch at the grass hut’s door, had nodded off on the ground.
Maylin and the others woke up after more than 2 hours. Maylin tiptoed to the front of the grass hut and peeked into the door at Zhao Hai. After noticing that Zhao Hai was sleeping soundly, she closed the door quietly and looked at the slaves. Some of them had woken up and sat there without any idea as to what to do.
Although Maylin could teach them, she didn’t do so right now. If she did, they would make sounds, and she didn’t want to wake Zhao Hai up with the sounds they would make.
Maylin noticed that the radishes which had been planted before she had fallen asleep had now started to sprout. This surprised her a lot, as this was the first time she was seeing how plants in the space would grow. This was simply too fast.
Maylin couldn’t resist crouching down next to the sprouting radishes. The sprouts were very healthy, and the condition of the soil was excellent. Just one look was enough to know that it was a very healthy environment.
Another person doing the same thing was Meg, who was crouching next to Maylin. She asked in a low volume, “Granny, why are these magic radishes growing so quickly? I heard that these were very hard to plant. How are they so simple here?”
Maylin smiled, “Young master told me already, that crops planted here have greatly shortened maturity times. I just didn’t expect it to be this short.”
“What you call magic radishes are simply called radishes in my space. It’s the lowest level crop. One season every 8 hours.” Zhao Hai’s voice came leisurely.
Maylin and Meg turned around and saw that Zhao Hai had come out, and was standing behind them. Maylin stood up hurriedly and asked, “Is what you’re saying true, young master? These magic radishes can really grow for a season every 8 hours?”
Zhao Hai nodded and pointed at the growing corn plants, “See that corn? Their evaluation in the space is higher than radishes. From planting to maturity, they take 14 hours of time.”
Maylin and Meg couldn’t help but look at where Zhao Hai was pointing. The corn was still growing right now, and the leaves were dark green. They appeared to be growing strong.
Zhao Hai spoke to Maylin, “There’s enough food in the space right now. It’s best that we stay here for a while longer. It will spare us from running into those monsters when we get out.”
Maylin nodded, “Yes, you are right, young master. We don’t have to worry about food in the space, and it will not rain. Everyone can just sleep on the ground using bedsheets. It won’t matter just to live here for a few days.”
Zhao Hai looked around and saw that the slaves had woken up. They were watching him with respect. He sighed and said, “Teach them to read, granny Maylin. I’ll go and make some large stoves with Blockhead. We’ll use them to cook.”
Cooking for more than 100 people wasn’t an easy matter. Zhao Hai had put everything in the underground storage into the space, but he needed large stoves in order to cook for the slaves. Since there weren’t a lot of things in the space, he could only make simple ones.
Maylin glanced at the slaves and said, “Let them do it, young master. After all, it only takes a little bit of time, so just bring the things out. How can we let you do everything by yourself?”
Zhao Hai could only nod his head after glancing at the slaves. If he let those slaves learn words while he went to build a stove, the slaves would be too frightened to learn anything.
Once Maylin saw Zhao Hai give a nod, she immediately let the slaves dig some holes. It was a good thing that everything had been stored into the storage; right now, they didn’t lack any tools.
It didn’t actually require a lot of stove holes to be dug in order to make food for more than 100 people. Just about 10 holes was enough. The pots they used were military ones with supports at the bottom, which had been specifically chosen by Greene and the others. They had known that they would have to prepare a lot of such pots, both to use along the trip to Black Wastelands, and for the slaves to use them.
Actually, a lot of slave owners had all used these kinds of large pots, due to them being the simplest kind. No matter where the slaves would work, one such pot would only require 2 people to carry, and food could then be cooked on the spot. A lot of time had been saved this way.
10 large pots were soon set up, but they couldn’t be used yet. Zhao Hai had to wait for the corn to mature in order to have firewood. Otherwise, they could only burn the timber. The timber was good stuff. It would be a real pity to see it burned.
Zhao Hai and the others lacked a lot of things right now, and they didn’t know when Greene would come back. They could sell the radishes on hand for gold coins only after Greene came back before being able to buy wood materials. Zhao Hai didn’t want to waste the timber currently on hand.
Zhao Hai glanced at the pots, then at the slaves, and spoke to Maylin, “Granny Maylin, there are still 2 hours until the corn matures. Teach everyone to learn some words during this time. I’m going into the hut for a rest.”
Maylin nodded, and Zhao Hai went into the grass hut. She spoke to the slaves, “Everyone, don’t rush. In just about 2 hours, that corn will be ripe, and then we can eat. Everyone learn from me in these 2 hours…”
Before she even finished, the slaves murmured. Slaves couldn’t learn; this was common knowledge on the continent. No slave owner owner taught their slaves words, so for the slaves, knowing about words was a sacred matter. Now that they heard Maylin saying she was going to teach them words, all of them felt very surprised.
Maylin said, “Quiet.”
The slaves went quiet immediately, and every single one of them was looking at Maylin in excitement. Maylin then said, “We Buda family are different from the other noble families. Young master is a benevolent person. I have just received his permission to do this. If anyone learns well and a lot, young master will remove that person’s slave status. Do you understand?”
The slaves became even more worked up. It was good enough that Zhao Hai let them learn words. With the removal of their slave status on top of that, it was like free pancakes out of nowhere, with someone telling the slaves ‘if you eat a lot, I can even throw in a bonus’. Where else could the slaves get this offer?
Maylin said as she looked at them, “Because our means are limited, I can only teach everyone some simple words. In these 2 hours, I will teach everyone 10 words, but you must know how to read and write them.” As she finished, she held some pieces of blank paper and writing brushes, and she then taught them how to read the written words, and how to write them.
The didn’t have a blackboard right now, so Maylin could only use the papers. Due to so many people needing to look, each paper could only have one large word, so that those sitting further back could see them.
Meg was at Maylin’s side, watching these people learning seriously, including Ju and An. Ju and An had both been civilians before, but their family had never had the money to pay for their learning expenses, so the 2 of them had never learned before. How could they let go of the chance to do so right now?
Meg had been to a school of the empire, but for nobles. She had discovered that the slaves were completely different from the students in the school. The noble students at school thought of going to school as a form of torture, and they would have no energy when learning. Every single one of them couldn’t be any happier when school hours were over, and they wished that they would be able to play at home everyday. Adam had been such a person before.
These slaves were a totally different story. When they were learning, they were very driven and focused, fearing that they wouldn’t be able to remember. Because they had nothing to write with, they used their fingers to make motions on the ground. That seriousness moved Meg deeply.
Blockhead and Rockhead looked at these people as well. Although they hadn’t been smart in the past, they had learned some words due to their adoption into the family. However, they hadn’t been as serious as the slaves were. There were 3 reasons; the 1st was because they had been little, the 2nd was because they weren’t smart enough and needed a lot of practice, and the 3rd was because learning was too easy to come by for them.
When things come too easily, people often don’t know how to treasure them. They had been just like that as they had learned with Adam. Adam himself hadn’t been a smart person either. Even though he had been a little cleverer than the twins, he had disliked learning very much, and so he had to learn the same thing several times as well. Just like that, the twins had somehow managed to learn the words. After the twins had brightened up, they had felt somewhat ashamed when looking at the slaves.
Maylin saw this, and she suddenly understood how correct Zhao Hai’s decision was. If these slaves didn’t learn, there would be no culture. Their ability to help Buda family would be very limited. But if they learned, then they would be a greater help, and now, what Buda family needed was every single one of its members to give it their all, in order to restore the family’s glory. That was why Maylin was teaching very seriously.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 39 – New Function
Zhao Hai didn’t notice how Maylin’s teaching went. He believed that Maylin wouldn’t let him down. Besides, Maylin was a level 8 mage. Mages like her didn’t have more than a few students in Axu Empire. Maylin had had some students before, but they had been killed in action when following Adam’s father into battle.
That was why there was no one better than Maylin when it came to teaching; the slaves’ food problems were what Zhao Hai was worried about right now.
While it was true that with corn came firewood, food and flour, Zhao Hai thought about a problem. If they made fires, there would be smoke. The space was only so large, so if the smoke couldn’t be expelled, it wouldn’t be good for sure.
He was most afraid about the smoke causing pollution. Yet he couldn’t say it. He couldn’t possibly let the slaves chew on radishes everyday, could he? So he could only let them cook and see. If it really wouldn’t work, then they could only cut down on the number of times they cooked until they could leave the space, and come up with a way to get rid of the smoke later.
But there was another thing Zhao Hai was very worried about, and that was the situation outside. He didn’t know what was going on in the castle right now. If it were destroyed by the monsters, then they would no longer have any place to live, and that would be more troublesome.
Zhao Hai wasn’t able to come up with an idea after pacing around in the hut, so he could only walk to the monitor above the bed, which was black as it wasn’t turned on.
Zhao Hai didn’t know how to turn on the monitor, so he said, “Turn on.”
However, it had no reaction whatsoever, which made Zhao Hai feel frustrated. There wasn’t an apparent ‘power icon’ on it, so he didn’t really know what to do.
He just moved his hand to touch it, and to his surprise, the monitor turned on the moment he touched it. Various tools, Shop and storage icons were then displayed on the monitor.
Zhao Hai did a double take, because when he had last accessed this monitor, there had only been a Shop icon, and the overview for the farm.
He didn’t mind it much. The things on the monitor could easily be accessed by his mind. There wouldn’t be a need to look at the things on this monitor afterwards.
However, just when he was going to turn off the monitor, he suddenly noticed an icon. It was nothing that was part of the farm, but something resembling a camera lens.
Zhao Hai was taken aback. If this icon were to appear because of a computer, then it wouldn’t be anything strange. However, it was a strange thing for it to appear on this display.
He pressed on the icon, as he wanted to find out what it would do. When he did, the icon turned into a beam of white light which entered Zhao Hai’s cranium. His mind was suddenly filled with a lot of information.
Because of the amount of information entering his mind all of a sudden, he had to close his eyes and lie down on the bed in order to digest it.
It took a while for the information to be digested, and Zhao Hai opened his eyes in dissatisfaction, “It’s just something like surveillance cameras. Why so long-winded anyway?”
Zhao Hai finally knew what the icon was for. It had appeared because of Zhao Hai having been through enough places, so it could said to be something that was similar to surveillance cameras. However, it had a larger range in comparison. Because the level of the space was still too low, he could only monitor 100 meters around wherever he entered the space. In other words, wherever he entered the space, he could see the area he had entered from through a display. As the level of the space increased, the visibility radius would become increasingly wider.
This was truly someone sending him a pillow whenever he wanted to sleep. Zhao Hai was just worrying about what was happening outside, and then this thing showed up. It happened to solve Zhao Hai’s most urgent concern.
He immediately got down from the bed and touched the monitor. The monitor was turned on, and he pressed on the camera icon. Suddenly, a 3D projection of a castle appeared. Below it was a display ratio. It was a compressed display of everything within the 100-meter radius of where Zhao Hai had last entered the space.
Zhao Hai discovered that there were a lot of green dots which were moving around in the 3D display. He pressed on one of the green dots, and the display flickered as it zoomed in. In an instant, a large rat-like beast appeared on the monitor. This rat-like beast was looking around like a thief. It was then that Zhao Hai found out this rat-like beast was in the living room, and next to it was a pile of broken timber. From the marks on the wood, it was from the sofa in the living room.
Zhao Hai looked carefully on the monitor, and saw that the shrunken version of the original 3D display was at the upper left corner. He mostly knew what it was for, so he pressed on it. Just as expected, the view returned to the 3D display, which still had a lot of green dots moving about.
Zhao Hai now understood that the green dots meant the beasts and the undead creatures. He then pointed at the living room instead of the green dot. The view instantly changed to show the situation in the living room. Right now, 2 large rat beasts were staying in the living room: the one he had just seen, and the one chewing on the sofa. Every piece of furniture in the living room had been completely destroyed. They seem to have been chewed by the rats.
Zhao Hai carelessly swiped his finger on the monitor while he was paying attention to the rats. The view was changed to the room next to the living room.
He didn’t expect that the view could be shifted this way. It was better than actual CCTVs on Earth.
He swiped his finger on the monitor again, and the view was switched to the courtyard, which was very lively. Undead and beasts were trampling around. The finished grass mats and dried grasses abandoned partway were scattered all over the courtyard.
Zhao Hai sighed as he looked at this, and the monitor was turned off. He now knew that it was a world of monsters outside, so they couldn’t leave right now.
Just then, the notification voice came, <Corn has matured. Please collect as soon as possible.>
Zhao Hai immediately came out of the grass hut, and noticed that Maylin was teaching a lesson. However, the slaves were looking at Zhao Hai with incomprehension.
He paid them no mind. He knew that these people had also heard the notification voice. He just said, “Collect the corn, corn stalks, corn cobs and kernels separately.”
As soon as his words ended, the collection basket flew up and the corn flew into the basket. In just a moment, 2 acres of corn were collected.
Although the slaves had seen the radishes being collected once, they were still amazed when they saw how the corn was collected.
Once the corn was stored, Zhao Hai immediately brought out the corn stalks and cobs and put them next to the stoves. He planted corn again after bringing out some rice and flour.
Maylin knew what Zhao Hai meant: they could now make meals. She put the written papers away and said, “Alright. Everyone make food. We’ll learn more after we eat.”
The slaves looked unwilling to part with the papers Maylin had put away. To them, being able to learn was more important than anything. Don’t say having to delay the meal. They would even be willing to skip a whole day’s worth of meals without any complaints.
Zhao Hai didn’t know what the slaves had been eating usually, but he felt that he had it with several days of constant bread.
But right now, there were no ovens in the space, so they could not bake bread. Zhao Hai was curious as to what Maylin was going to make them today.
Maylin turned to speak to Zhao Hai as he expected, “Young master, we still have to bring out some vegetables, ham and fruit oil.”
Zhao Hai immediately brought out what Maylin required. She gave a part of the rice, some vegetables and fruit oil to the slaves, while she brought the flour and the rest into the grass hut. Zhao Hai recalled that there was a kitchen in the hut, with cooking utensils he hadn’t seen before.
He really didn’t know what Maylin was going to make, so he followed her into the hut. Once Maylin started kneading dough, he had some idea. Maylin might be making a scrambled biscuit.
Doughs had been a favorite type of food for Zhao Hai. He didn’t stay in the hut. After all, he couldn’t be of much help.
What he saw after that caught him by surprise. He had thought the slaves would be making food, but that didn’t seem to be the case. The slaves lit up the stove holes, and poured the fruit oil directly into the pots. Then, they fried the rice. Zhao Hai went squeamish from the sight. This was the first time he had seen anyone cooking rice in such a fashion.
Meg and the others didn’t seem to be surprised. They just looked at the slaves making their meal. Zhao Hai knew from their expressions that these people constantly ate rice this way, which would explain their lack of surprise.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 40 – Rice
Zhao Hai was in a state of ‘WTF’. It was the first time he had ever seen someone eating rice in such a way. Although this rice wasn’t the kind that had been the one from paddy fields, it was similar. When Zhao Hai thought about those white, fragrant and large grains of rice being treated like this, he felt like he was about to break down.
He now knew why Maylin wouldn’t make him rice. He feared that these people didn’t even know how to make rice from the start. Rice prepared this way would never be delicious for sure, so it would only be fed to the slaves on the continent.
Zhao Hai then happened to see a stove that had just been lit, with a pot that hadn’t had oil poured in it. He couldn’t bear it as he walked towards it in a hurry and called out to a female slave who was about to pour oil into it, “Wait, don’t pour the oil first.”
The female slave thought she had done something wrong, and she knelt down immediately, “Please grant punishment, master.”
Zhao Hai was stunned from this, but he soon regained his composure and shook his head, “I’m not blaming you. Just listen to me now. Don’t pour oil into the pot first. Use a basin to wash the rice first. From the look of this pot, it should be able to take in about this basin’s amount of rice. Wash it clean, dump the water, and then put the rice into the pot.” Zhao Hai took out a bronze basin as he talked.
The female slave didn’t know what Zhao Hai was going to do, but she immediately took the bronze basin from Zhao Hai and filled it with rice before washing it at the spring. She then poured the washed rice into the pot.
Zhao Hai added, “Half of the pot has just been filled with rice. You go ahead and put a matching amount of water into the pot.” The female slave obeyed his words, filled the basin with water and poured it into the pot. Zhao Hai let the slave pour another basin of water into the pot, and the pot was about to get full. He then let the slave pour in a bowl of water, and then bring out a larger basin from the storage to cover the pot. After that, he let the slave light a fire under the pot.
What Zhao Hai wanted to do was make them cooked rice, which was actually very simple to make. Back when he had lived on Earth, he had lived alone, so he was very skilled in making rice. The ratio of rice and water was around 1:2. A single kilo of rice would need about 2 kilos of water. However, for this type of pot, more water was needed, because it was heated by firewood. This kind of fire would burn indirectly, so Zhao Hai intentionally added an extra bowl of water and didn’t let the slave raise a large fire. The pot was just heated at a consistent burning pace.
Meg and the others were seemingly looking at Zhao Hai. They had used water to cook rice before, but they had treated rice as a type of vegetable, and an ingredient for soups instead of a main course, so they had never seen what cooked rice was like.
It didn’t take too long for the rice to be cooked, as the aroma of rice soon came out of the pot. Rice in this world had never been grown with farm agents and chemical fertilizers, so the smell of it was exceptionally great.
Slaves had bowls when they ate their meals, but the bowls they had were wooden ones. Other than that, everyone only had a wooden spoon, but it was enough for them.
10 people per stove, a wooden bowl, a wooden spoon and a wooden cup per person, these were all of the slaves’ possessions. Even so, they felt very happy, for these were things they had never had before.
Just when Zhao Hai was paying attention to that pot of rice, Maylin came out of the hut and asked him, “Young master, come with me. How can we start a fire with the things in the kitchen?”
Zhao Hai did a double take before following Maylin into the hut. He hadn’t paid attention to the kitchen, so when he did so right now, he went ‘Great Scott!’ in his mind. The things in the kitchen were actually electrical appliances. Rice cooker, pancake maker, electric stove, all of the things here were electricity-powered. What made Zhao Hai speechless to the greatest extent was that it was impossible to tell where their wires were connected to. Every wire was plugged in within the grass hut’s walls. Other than the power switches, there were nothing else.
However, Zhao Hai knew how to use all of these things. He was speechless for another moment when he saw what Maylin was trying to make. He thought ‘darn it’ as he had assumed that Maylin wanted to make scrambled dough, but no. Maylin actually wanted to make something more open: a pizza.
But obviously, this pizza was not the same as the pizzas he had seen before on Earth. It was far from as beautiful, as the dough had simply been rolled into a flat shape, and the vegetables and ham had been placed on top of it.
Zhao Hai felt hopeless about this. He had hailed from China, whose cuisines were famed throughout the world. He had never eaten a ‘normal’ meal ever since he had come to this world. Today, it was going to be something that was neither pizza nor dough.
However, Zhao Hai still told Maylin about the usage of the appliances. As they were all powered by electricity, they were much more handy. Maylin knew about them after a single explanation.
Zhao Hai didn’t stay in the kitchen after seeing that Maylin knew how to use the kitchen appliances. He walked out of the kitchen, and smelled that the rice which he had instructed to cook had become so fragrant, it was irresistible.
Meg immediately walked towards Zhao Hai and spoke, “Young master, this is such a nice smell. How did you do it?”
Zhao Hai laughed, “Didn’t you see it? It’s rice with water added. Actually, rice has a flavor of its own. Just add a suitable amount of water, and it becomes possible to make it soft and delicious. Much better than frying it directly. Then use the oil and vegetables to make a soup, and we can have a nice meal. It’s much better than what they’re doing right now.”
Maylin looked at Zhao Hai with a face full of admiration, “Young master knows so much. How incredible~”
Zhao Hai couldn’t help but blush. He didn’t know so much. This was something every Chinese person would know, yet in here, it had become his merit.
Zhao Hai listened for the sound from the pot, and thought that it was almost ready. He picked up a corn stalk to push off the basin on top of the pot. When the basin fell down with a sound, a wave of heated vapor surged from the pot, which made Zhao Hai move backwards. What came after the heated vapor was a thicker aroma of rice. It was too fragrant when compared to the rice he had eaten back on Earth. He couldn’t help himself from salivating.
After the heated vapor dispersed, the rice inside the pot was revealed. It wasn’t white as he had imagined it would be, but slightly yellow. It looked like it was glazed, and the smell was greater up close.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help himself as he used a spoon to scoop up some of the rice and put it into his mouth. Meg was going to stop him, but Zhao Hai was too quick. By the time she tried, Zhao Hai had already put the rice into his mouth. Everyone just stared at him.
Zhao Hai felt a wave of the rice’s fragrance which filled his mouth instantly. He chewed it and discovered that it was very chewy, soft and delicious. He closed his eyes and slowly gulped it down. When he opened his eyes and saw that everyone was looking at him, he spoke out in embarrassment, “Don’t just look at me. Eat up. If everyone doesn’t find the fried rice delectable, then don’t eat it. Just make another pot like this one.”
The slaves didn’t act immediately. He knew from their hesitant looks that the slaves wouldn’t make any funny moves because of his presence. He smiled and spoke to Meg, “Let’s go into the hut, Meg. There’s still some rice. If they don’t like it fried, they just have to make it again.”
Meg was clever, so she knew what Zhao Hai meant in an instant. She nodded, “Alright, young master. Let’s see how granny Maylin is doing.”
Zhao Hai couldn’t help himself from smiling. Now he liked this lady who was understanding, gentle and kind, more and more. The 2 of them dragged Blockhead and Rockhead into the grass hut.
Ju and An didn’t follow them, as they too wanted to stay outside and see how delicious the rice really was. After Zhao Hai and Meg entered the hut, the slaves immediately circled the pot and had a mouthful of rice, one after another. It didn’t take long for the pot of rice to be emptied, and everyone praised its taste as they ate.
After the pot of rice was eaten up, the slaves looked at each other and then dumped all of the rice in the other pots. They then put new rice into them and started cooking it the same way which Zhao Hai had instructed.
In the pot which the rice was first cooked, a thick layer of rice crust remained inside it. It was something they had never seen before. A slave picked up a scab of it out of curiosity. The smell of it was much more tempting. He couldn’t resist taking a bite of it.
With that bite, his eyes sparkled, and then took another bite. These pots weren’t small, so the there was a lot of crust left. It was like a small shield that couldn’t be finished off by a single person. That slave shared the rice crust with others, and they had their fill before another pot of rice was cooked.
Zhao Hai and the others were actually peeking at the slaves from the hut. When he saw that the slaves were beginning to cook rice on their own, Zhao Hai walked out and spoke to the slaves, “7 pots of rice is about enough for everyone. Use the other 3 pots to make soup. When the rice is ready, the soup will be too. Everyone can eat rice and vegetables that way.”
The slaves knew that he had been watching them, and they felt somewhat embarrassed. However, they quickly did as Zhao Hai said. They were utterly impressed by and grateful to their master.
A lot of them had cried when eating the rice, as they had never eaten something so delicious before. Even their family members had never eaten such a thing. They had become very worked up over this.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter
Chapter 41 – Oath
The slaves weren’t stupid, as they had now learned how to cook rice. When they had been the possessions of other owners, a couple of them had been randomly picked to cook meals, so they weren’t strangers to cooking.
With how simple rice-cooking actually was, it didn’t take long for the slaves to fill 7 pots with rice and water. Zhao Hai then brought bronze basins for them to use as lids for the pots.
The large pots didn’t have specific lids, and everyone knew that the regular military wouldn’t use these pots. Only slaves would use pots like these, and for them, it was good enough to be able to eat, while taste was not among their concerns.
The slaves had never made soup before, and they didn’t know how to make it. They had never eaten anything as decent as Buda family’s meals during their time in other owners’ places. Sometimes, in those places, they were only able to eat things similar to rice candies or some moldy rice. It was because of this that many slaves died every day on the continent. But for the slave owners, slaves dying was not a big deal. It was simply a matter of buying more of them.
That was the reason why the slaves were now staring dumbly at the vegetables and fruit oil. Ju also knew how the slaves were feeling at this moment. She had been a commoner once, so she still knew a bit about simple cooking methods.
Ju stood in front of an empty pot and poured fruit oil into it. This time, Zhao Hai paid serious attention to the oil. It was slightly yellow and very clear. He had heard that it was squashed from fruits that had an extremely high amount of oily contents. Many places on the continent had been planting these fruits, so fruit oil was very cheap.
Ju waited for the oil to heat up, and then put the vegetables into the pot for a simple stir fry. She then poured water and put 2 spoons of salt into the pot. Once it boiled, this soup would be counted as done.
This was the most simple recipe for a soup. It had almost no skill behind it and there were no seasonings other than some rough salt. This was the best any slave could get.
Salt wasn’t cheap on the continent. Normally, what nobles used were fine-made clean salts. That kind of salt was very tiny, much like Earth’s salt, while the kind of salt used by slaves was, of course, very cheap with a lot of impurities.
Yet even so, these slaves of Buda family wouldn’t get to consume salt every day. It was considered generous to let slaves have salt once every 3 days for other slave owners. Commonly, slave owners let their slaves have salt once a week, and in small quantities.
These days, Zhao Hai had been occupied with the matters inside the space and the future developments of Black Wastelands, so he hadn’t had any time to gain a clear understanding of the slaves’ survival conditions. He had no misgivings about what Ju was doing right now, as he assumed that every slave on the continent was living this way. Maybe the slaves in this family were worse off compared to other families, since they didn’t have so many supplies.
Zhao Hai couldn’t help but let out a sigh as he watched Ju make the simple soup. Meg, who was standing next to him, asked, “What’s wrong, young master? Is it because there’s too much salt being used? Should we cut it down?”
Zhao Hai looked at Meg with confusion, “Too much? How so? That large pot, with only that bit of salt? I’m just thinking that our family is still too weak right now, and we can only let them eat such simple things. When we get richer, I will surely let them eat meat.”
The moment Zhao Hai ended that sentence, he felt that everyone was giving him weird looks. The slaves were watching him as if they had seen a ghost, which served to confuse him.
He asked Meg in a low voice, “What’s wrong, Meg? Was it something I said?”
Meg couldn’t help but sigh inwardly at Zhao Hai’s display. Adam had known that Buda family had slaves in the past, but he had neither left the imperial capital nor approached the slaves before, so there had been no way for him to know what sort of life the slaves had been living. Meg just explained the slaves’ living conditions to Zhao Hai in a low voice.
Zhao Hai went dumbstruck as he listened to Meg. For someone who had been born into a new society under the red flag, while on the forefront of reformation and liberalization, the way of life which Meg was describing to him was so distant from his. It was like the people who had experienced the old society life would resonate with opera, while people like him who had been born during the 80’s would find it difficult to resonate with it, since they had never had that kind of experience. No matter how detailed the description inside books, they would only be things inside books. How could books be compared to actual experience?
After Meg summarized the slaves’ living conditions, Zhao Hai looked at the slaves with eyes full of sympathy. He sighed and said, “Be at ease, everyone. I will keep my word. One day, I will let you eat meat everyday, every meal, until you’re fed up with it. I swear it upon the Buda family’s honor.”
Zhao Hai was a kind person. Even though he had been very homestuck back on Earth, homebodies in general were usually timid people, and barring some differences, they were kind people as well. They may be socially inept, but it didn’t mean they were perverts. Actually, the majority of homebodies could not stand the dark aspects of their world, which was why they chose to lock themselves up in their own worlds. Zhao Hai had been such a person.
After arriving at Ark Continent, Zhao Hai’s identity had been changed. He was now a noble with a fief and 100 slaves had to survive under him. His words could mean their survival or their deaths, which placed another responsibility on him. He felt that improving their lives was his responsibility, and that was why he said such words while being driven to develop his fief.
The slaves then kneeled down on the ground emotionally and prostrated themselves toward Zhao Hai, “Thank you for your benevolence, master!”
Zhao Hai’s words were enough, despite having gained nothing yet. Nobles on the continent had a strange tradition: they wouldn’t swear oaths easily. Even if they did swear, they normally wouldn’t use their own family honor to do so. Because, although they would sometimes go against their word even when swearing by god, they would never do so after swearing by their family honor.
It was exactly because of this that the slaves would believe Zhao Hai’s words. They believed that Zhao Hai’s oath made under the honor of his family would one day become a reality.
Meg opened her mouth, yet no words came out. She had been taking care of the slaves these past days, and to be honest, she was sympathetic towards them as well. That was why she didn’t object to Zhao Hai’s words.
Just then, Maylin called out, “Young master, the meal is ready.”
Zhao Hai nodded and glanced at everyone before speaking to Meg, Ju and An, “Meg, Ju, An, let’s go and eat inside.”
Ju and An were going to stay here and eat, but after looking at Zhao Hai, they didn’t say anything. They simply followed him and Meg into the grass hut, followed by Blockhead and Rockhead.
The moment they entered the grass hut, the slaves let themselves loose. Even though Zhao Hai had been very kind to them, he was their master in the end. As long as he was around, they would not feel free.
Inside the grass hut, Zhao Hai and the others could see that Maylin had finished making a scrambled dough and a soup. Zhao Hai actually wanted to eat rice, but seeing Maylin like this, he feared that he had no hope of doing so today.
There were only 4 chairs in the grass hut, but Zhao Hai brought out 3 more chairs from the storage at will, so that 7 people could now be seated. Although the table wasn’t as large as the one that had been in the castle’s dining hall, it was enough for 7 people to dine.
After letting them sit down, Zhao Hai used a knife and fork to start eating Maylin’s baked dough. He actually didn’t want to use a knife and fork, but Maylin would never agree to that, unfortunately.
Still, this dough had its own taste. The flavor was passable. Zhao Hai and the others finished their dinner slowly, before Maylin cleared the dishes. By the time they all went out of the hut, the slaves had finished their own meals.
The large pots were still there, but they had obviously been cleaned. The slaves seemed to be full, and were sitting there with no energy in their expressions.
Zhao Hai knew that people would get sleepy after being full, so he thought that the slaves would be the same. He didn’t let them get up. He just frowned when he glanced at the trash on the ground.
Although Zhao Hai wasn’t a neat freak, he didn’t want his space to be dirtied. These things could only stay inside the space for now.
Zhao Hai looked at the sky of the space. The surroundings of this space were still foggy and unclear, but it was fortunate that there was no smoke in the sky. It seemed that burning inside the space had little effect.
Zhao Hai turned to Maylin and said, “Granny Maylin, I think you should rest inside the hut. We’ve just had a meal and they should be sleepy. Just let them rest.”
Maylin glanced at the slaves and noticed how ‘out of it’ they were. She just nodded, “Alright. Let’s rest for a bit, but we don’t need to do so inside the hut. Just outside will do.”
Zhao Hai immediately replied, “Granny Maylin, Meg, Blockhead, Rockhead, come with me into the hut. I have something I want to show you.” He opened the door to the hut and walked in afterwards.
Maylin and the others didn’t know what Zhao Hai was going to show them, but they heeded his words. They knew that they would never know as much as Zhao Hai when it came to the space. It was better to listen to Zhao Hai on this subject.
Previous Chapter | Project Page | Next Chapter






Chapter 42 - Try
Zhao led the four back into the hut. He then sat on the bed and opened up the screen. Once he touched it with his hand, the screen lit up, and the icons appeared.
Everyone was surprised when they saw the screen. It was truly remarkable.
Zhao pressed the camera icon, and a three-dimensional view of the castle appeared. There were a lot of little green dots.
Pressing one of the green dots immediately switched the screen to show the castle square.
The screen could only display a radius of one hundred meters from the spot where Zhao entered the space, and although that range wasn't small, it was still too far away to show the entire castle square. The square that the screen displayed wasn't very big, only showing the inner courtyard, the part closest to the castle. Even so, they could still clearly see a snake-like spirit beast and an undead humanoid on the screen.
Everyone was paying attention to the situation on the screen, and from what they could see, they couldn't help but freeze for a moment.
After awhile, Meirin said, "Is this the castle square?"
Zhao nodded. "Yes, this is the square. It seems that the spirit beasts are not gone yet, so we can't go out."
Even after hearing that, Meirin was excited. "But this is a good thing. With this, Master, you can be safe. You don't need to be afraid of the enemy."
Zhao gave a wry smile. No matter what, Meirin's first thoughts were always the issues concerning his safety.
Zhao returned the screen back to the three-dimensional map, then he pointed at the green dots for Meirin to see. "These green dots represent spirit beasts. It seems like the density of spirit beasts are a lot less than the last time I checked. A few spirit beasts might have already left."
He then switched the image to the living room. It was a mess. Everything was destroyed. Zhao then flicked through all the main rooms of the castle within his range, and almost all of them were destroyed by the undead spirit beasts.
Meirin made a face that wasn't very nice. When they first came to the castle, there was nothing, but since then they had filled it with household items. Now it had all been destroyed.
After looking through a radius of one hundred meters, Zhao returned the screen back to the three-dimensional map, then he turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, the situation outside is dire. We'll have to rest in the space for a few days. Right now all you can do is teach everyone how to read and write."
Meirin nodded. "Master need not worry, I know how to do this."
Zhao then said, "Meanwhile, I'll tidy up my barn. I had brought a lot of seeds from the castle's storage and I want to try to grow them in this space."
Meirin froze, then she shook her head. "Master, those kinds of seeds are nothing. They're just common seeds. Their yield aren't as high as corn and they don't grow any magic vegetables. We only brought them here to the Black Waste because we thought that we could grow it on the mountain. So we didn't buy any precious seeds, only common ones."
"I still want to look at the seeds anyway. It would be a waste to not examine them," Zhao said.
"Master, I don't agree. If you are going to plant any seeds in this space, you should plant those magic radishes. Magic vegetables are better sellers than ordinary vegetables, and right now the Buda clan needs money. If you want to try to plant those common seeds, then you should plant them on the mountain. Those kinds of worthless seeds shouldn't take up the land in this space."
"Grandma Meirin, I'm not going to plant those seeds yet. I just want to take a look. You don't know this, but one of the characteristics of this space is that every time I take something out that could be special, the space will level up, uh, I mean this space will get stronger. Last time, I took the black soil and the lake water into this space, and it gave me two extra acres of land. So if I try to grow those seeds, then maybe the area of land in this space might get larger, and then I would be able to grow more things."
Meirin was stunned by Zhao's words. "If it's like this, then it's possible to try, Master. If those seeds could help make this space stronger, then that's good."
Since that was settled, Zhao continued, "Grandma Meirin, tomorrow morning, tell everyone to clean up the garbage and pile all of it into one place. So when we leave this space, I could just take out all the garbage in the same process."
"Yes, Master. I'll take care of it."
"And Grandma Meirin," Zhao said after looking around at all the furnishings, "if I organize this room a little, I think I can fit in another bed, then you won't have to sleep outside."
Meirin shook her head. "No, Master. Resting outside is fine."
Zhao saw that Meirin absolutely wouldn't budge on this issue, but a part of him already knew that it was impossible for Meirin to rest inside this room, so he said, "Then at least let me get some beds from the barn and put them outside. Yes, I'll move them next to the hut so you and the others can sleep close by."
Meirin had no objections this time. She felt that it was nice to sleep in the open air. But do not forget that this was a closed space. Being crowded around a hundred slaves makes it hard to sleep.
Zhao decided that he was going to take out some wood and make two separate rooms on the side of the hut. Although he couldn't make a roof, he could at least make it so that people wouldn't be able to look inside.
Seeing as Meirin had no objections, he left the hut, followed by everyone else. Outside, the slaves were up, filled with spirit. After eating a meal, they would be very sleepy, but after a period of time they would feel better.
While calling over those slaves, Zhao came up with some wood and told them to build two separate rooms next to the hut. Each room was to have three beds. One was for Meirin, Meg, and Daisy, while the other was for Blockhead, Rockhead, and Ann.
The reason that Zhao let Daisy and Ann stay with the others was, in fact, to show that they were different from the slaves.
Although Daisy and Ann had become commoners and servants of the Buda clan, they still interacted with the slaves. He wanted them to tell the slaves what a change of status could do. Whether it was dinner or their sleeping arrangements, he had to show off their differences in order to nudge the slaves towards the goal of trying to become a free commoner. This was his policy.
Zhao was an otaku, he had no extraordinary management skills. However, he was an avid reader, although he mostly read light novels. But you couldn't deny that you could learn something useful from those books. Everything Zhao knew came from school and reading light novels.
Although the stuff in those light novels might not necessarily be true, those books had been written by people from all walks of life. Those people had put everything they knew into those novels, so it makes them worth reading. Zhao liked those types of books, he had learned a lot of useful things from them.
To an outsider, what Zhao was experiencing might seem like something out of a fantasy novel, but here it was much more real. Zhao was clear on the fact that if he died here, he would really be dead. This wasn't a game or a dream. This was real life.
Everyone would use everything they learned and apply it to their life, and Zhao was no exception. Although he didn't know if what he learned was correct, he would always try to keep on learning, and it was only through this way that people would mature, right?
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 43 - Refresh
After everything was finished, Meirin taught the slaves to read for awhile, then they made arrangments to go to sleep.
The temperature in the space was very appropriate. Not too cold, not too hot. Spreading out the blankets, the slaves got a good night's sleep.
At midnight, a tone chimed, waking Zhao up. The radishes have matured, and he had to harvest them.
Zhao originally wanted to plant the common seeds, but he was too sleepy, so he decided to just plant another batch of radishes. Otherwise, if the seeds got the spatial farm to level up, he would have to do a lot more things and thus wouldn't be able to go to sleep.
By the next morning, the corn was almost about to mature. Zhao heard movement outside, so he got up. He went out and saw that the slaves were already awake, cooking for themselves under Meirin's watchful eyes. Seeing Zhao up, Meirin immediately got him a basin of water.
After Zhao washed up, he searched around the farm to see if there were any changes, finding nothing special.
But when he looked over at the place where the slaves were cooking, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. It was too clean. The garbage that they had made yesterday was gone. Today, there was nothing, which didn't seem right. Even if the slaves were to pick up the trash, it was impossible to make it that clean.
Moving to Meg's side, Zhao asked, "Meg, did Grandma Meirin tell those slaves to clean up yet?"
Meg was surprised at Zhao's questions, but she shook her head. "No, ah, Grandma hasn't told them yet to work this morning."
Zhao nodded. In his heart, he made a guess. He turned around and went to the barn. Meg knew that next to the barn was the bathroom, so she thought that Zhao was going to take a dump.
But Meg was wrong. Zhao just wanted to see the bathroom in order to confirm his guess.
When he entered the bathroom, he knew that his guess was correct. It seemed like the space refreshed its environment once a day. All the useless things were scrubbed away and the space was restored to its original appearance.
However, the rooms that he had built hasn't disappeared, probably because any useful things weren't brushed away by the space.
Seeing this, Zhao couldn't help but feel relieved that there was a way to deal with the junk problem in his space. It was a headache for him, and he didn't expect that the space would actually solve it on its own. This was very convenient.
Zhao returned to the hut where Meg was standing, waiting for him. Looking at Zhao, Meg couldn't help but blush. Zhao wanted to ask her why she was blushing, but he didn't know how to ask, because after all he had just come out of the bathroom.
Meirin had been directing the slaves to cook, but now that Zhao was awake, she naturally went into the hut to prepare breakfast for him.
Zhao wanted to see what was happening outside the space, so he also went into the hut, but he sat on his bed and opened up the screen to look. In this case, he was checking the three-dimensional map. The outside situation seemed to be improving. Within the radius of one hundred meters, there were only a few spirit beasts. To Zhao's surprise, there were less than ten green dots within range. Three of them were humanoid skeletons, while the rest were more beast shaped.
Although he didn't understand why there were so few undead spirit beasts, Zhao wasn't concerned about it. As long as there were still spirit beasts outside, then it was unsafe to go out.
Shutting down the screen, Zhao looked at the kitchen and saw Meirin making breakfast. She was preparing to make him pancakes. To be honest, every morning he would get bread with his meal, so he really wasn't used to this.
Meirin saw Zhao standing next to her, and said, "Are you hungry, Master? Rest assured, it'll be ready soon."
"Grandma Meirin, although this looks delicious, how about tomorrow morning, we could eat some rice. You don't need to bother with making this pancake pie anymore."
Meirin was surprised. "Rice is food for the slaves. How can I make Master eat it?"
Zhao went silent. From Adam's memories, he couldn't recall of any mention of nobility eating rice. Shaking his head, he said, "Grandma Meirin, you know that we have to stay in this space for a few more days. This place isn't the same as the castle. There is no way to make bread here, so there's no reason not to eat rice everyday, right? You saw it yesterday, didn't you? The rice tastes very good."
Meirin didn't say anything. Yesterday, she could see that the rice did seem really good. To tell the truth, she also wanted to give it a taste too.
She also thought of how this space was different from outside. In the castle, the kitchen had a stone oven, so she could make bread or desserts, but here she could only make pancakes with the electric pancake maker. It would be troubling if they just ate pancakes everyday, so she finally nodded her head. "Well, let's do as you say, Master."
Zhao couldn't help but cheer loudly. Although he had respect for the dough, he preferred to eat rice. In particular, the rice from yesterday, which was really good.
After breakfast, Meirin taught the slaves how to read. Zhao also told Meirin that they didn't need to clean up the garbage, and instead just move it to one side. Meirin didn't understand what Zhao meant, but she did what he said because she believed in him.
She believed in Zhao because he had used the space to save all of them, and also because the longer she stayed in the space, the more it affected her.
When Blockhead and Rockhead first entered the space, it changed their hearts, same way it affected Meirin. At first, the change wasn't that strong for her due to the fact that she was a mage with a lot of spiritual force, so anything that completely affected other people would only have a slight effect on her. But after staying in the space for a long time, she had been changed by it. That was why she didn't refute Zhao's words.
That was to say, she had never refuted Zhao's words before, except when he wanted to do something dangerous. If anything he did was detrimental to himself, she would stop him. The space might have changed them, but it didn't affect their intelligence. On the contrary, it made them smarter.
As for the slaves, they were loyal to the Buda clan because they were the clan's slaves. But ever since they've been in this space, they swore allegiance to Zhao.
Zhao didn't feel any change from the space. No one actually felt it. That was because it wasn't just changing one person. Everyone was changing at the same time, so no one noticed it.
Shortly before noon, the radishes matured. After Zhao harvested the radishes, he took out some seeds from the barn.
These seeds were divided into several types. The most common seeds came from the fruit that had a very high oil content. Green had bought these seeds because it could be grown in poor soil. Not only that, it also had a long lifespan, lasting hundreds of years. Plus, from planting the seeds to growing the fruit, it would only take two years.
Green thought that these fruit seeds would be necessary for the future development of the Buda clan, so he bought a lot of them.
Although the price of oil was cheap, it was still a necessity to the people of the Continent. Green's idea was that once they planted these fruit seeds, two years later, they would be able to harvest a lot of fruits, then process them to make oil. Selling this oil would be able to give the Buda clan a steady income.
The remaining seeds that he had bought were just some common vegetable seeds and field seeds.
Magic vegetable seeds had very rich soil requirements, so it was impossible to grow them on the mountain. That was why he only bought ordinary vegetable seeds.
As for the field seeds that Green had bought, they were used to grow a crop called alfalfa, which was an herb that grew annually. It can be grown as a pasture to feed low leveled herbivorous spirit beasts. But what was most important about this crop was its fertilizer effects. When you harvest it, you would cut off the top of the plant, leaving the roots in the soil. These roots would slowly improve the land, making the soil more fertile.
It can be said that before coming to the Black Waste, Green had thought of many things to try to help the Buda clan survive. Fruit seeds to make oil that could pay for basic living expenses and alfalfa seeds that could fertilize the soil in the mountain. And once the land becomes more fertile, they would be able to plant other things, increasing their income even more.
Of course, Green didn't know about Zhao's farm cheat.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 44 - Level Up
[Discovery of vegetable seed. Level identification: Negative. No merit. Do not extract]
[Discovery of vegetable seed. Level identification: Negative. No merit. Do not extract]
[Discovery of vegetable seed. Level identification: Negative. No merit. Do not extract]
..................
[Discovery of field seed. Level identification: Zero. Similar to spatial hay seeds. Do not extract. Retaining seed]
[Discovery of fruit seed. Level identification: Four. Extracting seed. Extraction complete. Seed has been digitized into the space. Seed can now be purchased from the shop]
The moment Zhao took out the seeds, a bunch of tones rang out. Except for the alfalfa seeds and fruit seeds, the other seeds disappeared. "This space is really overbearing," he said. "If it doesn't have a high enough level, it would be taken out of sight. Fortunately, the rest were good enough."
Everyone else didn't understand what the series of tones meant, nor did they know what identification or extraction was. All they saw was that half of the seeds had disappeared.
Once Zhao finished, the voice echoed again: [Spatial farm level has risen to five. You will be rewarded with a bag of eggplant seeds, which can fill two acres] [Cultivating new land requires you to be at level five and one thousand one hundred gold coins. You have reached the requirement. Do you wish to cultivate two acres of land?]
When Zhao heard the voice, he couldn't help but feel relieved. He finally confirmed that the best way to level up his spatial farm was to take things into the space, otherwise his level up speed would have been too slow. He immediately said, "Cultivate the land."
The moment he spoke those words, a white light flashed next to the corn field, and then two new acres of fertile land appeared.
Understanding that the space would continue to add fertile land, Zhao wondered about the other places, like the background land of the game. He wondered if he would be able to some day grow things in the background. Ah, that would be nice.
The voice echoed: [Your level is not high enough. Cultivating background land requires you to be at level thirty]
Zhao froze for a moment. Would he really be able to use the background land if he reached that level? If he could, then that would be great.
Meirin went to Zhao's side. "Master, now that you've cultivated some new land, what are you going to plant?"
Zhao looked at the two acres of land, as well as his original mu of farm land where he had just finished harvesting the radishes. "Grandma Meirin, I'm going to plant corn on those two acres of land. As for the rest, how about I plant some fruit seeds? What do you think?"
Meirin hesitated to answer while looking at the mu of land. She knew that was where he grew the magic radishes, so she was surprised when he said that he wasn't planning on continuing to plant radishes there.
Zhao saw Meirin's hesitation, and smiled. "Right now I already have two hundred forty thousand catty of radishes. Even if they are good sellers, if I sell too much, it might decline the price of radishes. But the oil from that fruit isn't the same. That oil is a necessity to everyone in the Continent. Even if I sell a million catty of it, it won't cause too much of an impact on the market."
After hearing what Zhao said, Meirin agreed. "Okay, Master. Go ahead and plant a fruit orchard."
Zhao nodded. "Plant one mu of fruit seeds."
The moment his voice faded, the small shovel and bucket immediately went to work until the seeds were safely in the ground. Zhao made a calculation and it seemed like he would only be able to plant three hundred trees.
Once the fruit seeds were planted, Zhao put the rest of the seeds back into the spatial barn. As of now, he wasn't going to plant any more corn seeds just yet. He decided to wait until after the corn had matured. That way, he would be able to plant the corn seeds in all four acres at the same time, and then harvest them together.
Everyone was stunned silly from Zhao's performance. Such a big space was listening to Zhao's every word. It was like a miracle.
The crowd stared at him in worship, and even Meirin had the same look in her eyes. Everything that happened in the space was too amazing. Not to mention the slaves, even Meirin had never heard of something like this. They were amazed that such a thing existed in this world.
Seeing everyone's eyes on him, Zhao felt a bit embarrassed. Although he was now the lord of the Buda clan, in his past life, he was an otaku, so by nature he felt shy with everyone watching him.
Zhao quickly said, "Grandma Meirin, I'm going back to the hut to check the situation outside." He went into the hut and shut the door.
Looking at Zhao's departing back, Meirin and Meg couldn't help but laugh. They understood that he was feeling shy. This surprised them because they knew the Adam from before, and Adam was not a shy person. But Adam and Zhao were completely different. Previously, Zhao had little contact with people, so he was very shy. Seeing him act like that was very funny to Meirin and Meg.
When Zhao entered the hut, he took a few breaths to calm himself, then he cursed the two. He then opened the screen and looked at the castle, trying to find any spirit beasts. He could do this while lying in bed.
Operating the space was really too easy. There were a lot of things he didn't know how to do, whether it was plowing or just farming in general, but he just needed to think it, and the space would help him. Although this was quite convenient, it still made him feel very bored.
From outside the hut, he could hear Meirin teaching the slaves how to read. The sound calmed his heart. He felt like he was in the poem, Lou Shi Ming, about how a noble was living in a shabby home. Zhao suddenly felt like reading so he pulled a miscellaneous book from the barn.
It took two hours before the corn matured. Zhao went outside to harvest the corn, then he planted some corn seeds in the four acres of land. After he was finished, he returned to his hut and continued to read.
Zhao knew that, unlike the other crops, the oil fruits wouldn't grow as fast. After all, in the outside world, it would need two years to fully mature. Now that the seed has been digitized, he estimated that it should take around three to four days.
Sure enough, in the next two days, although the corn had already matured, the fruit seeds had just started sprouting.
In these two days time, Zhao had been paying attention to the situation in the castle. By now he hasn't seen a shadow of an undead spirit beast, but he still didn't let Meirin got out to explore yet. He was afraid that the spirit beasts were still around, just beyond his range. If they were to find Meirin, although she might not necessarily be in danger, there was still a risk.
Still, they couldn't stay in this space forever. After all, the castle was their home. They had to leave sooner or later.
These days, Zhao found that the slaves weren't in a good mood. Although they have been learning to read and write, they haven't been working. All they do was eat and improve their literacy skills. They weren't accustomed to doing no work at all, and for some reason this made them feel sorry for Zhao.
Everyday they would eat fragrant rice with soup as a meal, which for the slaves seemed like paradise. Although this made them grateful to Zhao, it also made them feel like they were doing something wrong to him.
But Zhao didn't notice this. He has been doing nothing but reading. It was Meirin who was teaching them. Only after the two days had passed did Zhao finally realize that the slaves mood seemed very low.
Meirin didn't know why, so she had no choice but to let Daisy ask them because they were more open with her.
Over the evening meal, Daisy asked them what was wrong. When she told Meirin, and when Zhao heard about it, he was dumbfounded.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 45 - Angry
After dinner, Meirin and Zhao were left alone in the room. While she was making some tea, Zhao asked, "Grandma Meirin, what do you think we should do about the slaves?
Meirin thought about it, then looked at Zhao in the eye. "Do you really want to listen to my advice, Master?"
"Of course, Grandma Meirin. You're the one that's been managing the slaves. I have never been in control of the Buda clan before we were exiled. So in that respect, you have a lot more experience than me."
"Thank you for the compliment, Master." Meirin smiled. "Here's my advice. I think that you have been too good to the slaves. You should crack down on them a little."
These words confused Zhao. "You're saying that I should be a little more harsh to the slaves? Why?"
"Master, you know, it's not bad to have a tough side. If you're too gentle, people would think that you could be bullied. Of course, the slaves would never do that to you, but if they think that you're too good to them, then they will feel sorry for you. This time it's because of you letting them learn literacy skills. In their view, learning to read is a reward. But they haven't been working, so giving them this reward makes them feel uneasy."
Zhao was surprised. He had been thinking that the slaves were the same as the students from his past life. To be honest, no student considers learning as a reward. They would only be happy when classes ended.
But it was different in this world. Almost all technology and knowledge has been closed off from the slaves. The slaves were just there to work. In the eyes of the nobility, slaves weren't even considered people.
"I understand," Zhao said. "Thank you, Grandma Meirin. Let me think about it."
Meirin nodded, pleased. It was undeniable that he had become a good person, but she recognized that he still had so much to learn.
Zhao sat there for a moment. He had been thinking about how to deal with this problem. To be honest, since this was the first time he had encountered something like this, he wasn't sure if he could handle it.
After he thought about it, Zhao stood up and took a deep breath. "Grandma Meirin, I want to meet the slaves."
Meirin nodded. The two left the hut and went to the slaves, who were now practicing their words on the ground, using the corn stalks to write in the dirt.
From what Zhao could see, the slaves seemed somewhat listless. This was a big difference from how excited they were when they first started to learn to read and write.
"Stop!" Zhao said.
When the slaves saw Zhao, they immediately dropped their corn stalks and knelt on the ground. But it wasn't like before because this time Zhao didn't ask them to stand back up. "I have heard that in the past few days, you haven't been very serious about learning to read and write?"
His voice wasn't very loud, but it had a disturbing calmness to it, making the slaves involuntarily shiver. In unison, they said, "Please, Master, punish us."
Zhao's words were like ice. "You still haven't figured it out? Learning how to read and write isn't a reward. It is to help you better serve the Buda clan. Even if you are stupid, you should be able to understand the situation that the clan is currently in. Except for manual labor, what else can you do? What can you make? What's your specialty? If I give you a book, would you be able to understand the words? No, you would not. You don't understand anything. Are you a horse? Can you do nothing but work like a horse? Remember that people can learn how to read, but a horse can not. If you don't learn, how can you better serve the Buda clan?
All the slaves were trembling on their knees. This was the first time Zhao had said such harsh words to them. They were scared.
Zhao took a few breaths to calm himself. "I'd told you that if you do well, I can free you from slavery. But if I give you a commoner status, do you think you will live out good days? Wrong! If you can not afford anything, at best you would be an inferior commoner. You have to remember that I need motivated people for the Buda clan, people that are bent on having a good life, not those who would settle for just eating and shitting until they die!"
He then looked over at Daisy. "You are probably wondering why I gave Daisy a commoner status even though all she did was weave weeds. A lot of you can now weave weeds, and even those of you that worked with Ann are not doing a bad job, so why didn't I restore you as a commoner? I'll tell you. It is because she stood up and tried to change her life. She wanted to be better, as well as save her brother. What I'm giving you is a fair chance at education, not a reward. I hope that you can learn from Daisy. Right now the Buda clan needs one hundred dedicated people, not one hundred slaves. Do you understand?"
Kneeling, the slaves loudly shouted, 'We understand, Master!"
The slaves were really excited. This was the first time a noble was trying to help them become something more. Although Zhao spoke to them with fire, there was no resentment in their hearts. On the contrary, they were full of gratitude and reverence towards Zhao.
After Zhao finished his speech, he said, "Stand up! I do not like it when people always kneel in front of me. Remember, learn to read and write well. This isn't a reward, it is my command!"
The slaves stood up in unison, "Yes, Master!"
Although the slaves had been kneeling on the ground for a long time, when they stood up, instead of wilting, their bodies were full of strength.
Meirin was standing behind Zhao, smiling with eyes full of joy. In her heart, she didn't expect that Zhao would do so well today, even better than she had imagined. Not only did he crack down on the slaves, he also made them feel gratitude towards him. She was extremely satisifed with Zhao's performance.
After looking at the slaves stretching their bodies, Zhao nodded, then turned to Meirin and said, "The rest is up to you, Grandma Meirin. But maybe this time we shouldn't teach them everyday, otherwise their heads would turn into wood, unable to remember anything."
Meirin smiled. "Master need not worry. I know what I'm doing. This isn't my first time teaching students."
Zhao laughed, then turned and walked into the hut, while Meg watched him with a look of worship.
Today, Meg thought that Zhao looked very handsome. When he gave that speech, his body seemed to glow with a strange force that attracted her eyes. She couldn't look away for one second.
When Zhao returned to the hut, he tried to remember if he did everything like he had planned. He went over the emotions he conveyed, the pauses in the appropriate places, and the right expressions on his face, all to make the performance more real. Thinking over his words, he didn't notice that Meg had followed him into the room.
Looking at Zhao, Meg couldn't help but smile. His strength settled her mind, giving her a serene feeling that was very reassuring.
Zhao then noticed that someone was standing behind him. Surprised, he looked back, but it was just Meg. Since Zhao was an otaku, he wasn't used to being in contact with girls. Now that Meg was standing behind him, he didn't know what to do.
Feeling helpless, Zhao said, "Ah, Meg, what can I do for you?"
"What? Can I not enter this room, Master?" Meg smiled.
"Yes, of course," Zhao quickly said. "You can always come in. Sit down, I'll make some tea."
Meg couldn't help but laugh. "Master, let me prepare the tea, otherwise Grandma will scold me."
"No, let me do it. I'm the one that offered you a drink," Zhao said.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 46 - Red Dot
Meg laughed as she looked at Zhao. She really didn't think that this person's character would actually become so great. Before, Adam was wild and outgoing, on the edge of being an idiot. But now, Zhao was an introvert, calm, and very attentive. She preferred Zhao.
Seeing as how Meg wasn't speaking, Zhao grew nervous, not knowing what to do. "Uh, how about you sit down, while I check the situation outside just in case." He pulled up his screen and looked at the castle.
In the three-dimensional map, there were no green dots, same as the last time he checked.
Zhao sighed. He was preparing to wait two more days. In two days, if the green dots didn't reappear, then he'll send Meirin out to check if the spirit beasts really did leave.
Meg was standing beside Zhao, also looking at the screen. But she didn't know how to operate it. It seemed like Zhao was the only one who could do anything in this space.
For example, Blockhead had tried to pick up the small shovels and buckets, but it was like they were nailed to the ground. Even with his strength, he couldn't move them.
Meg understood that the green dots represented the spirit beasts. Since they were concerned, they've kept up to date with the situation outside, so she knew that there were no spirit beasts on the screen the last time Zhao checked. When Meirin wanted to go out and see, Zhao stopped her. Meirin didn't oppose his decision, knowing that he was worried.
But seeing that there were no green dots again, Meg said with urgency, "Master, there are no spirit beasts outside, let me go out and see. With my speed, there will be no danger."
Zhao shook his head. "Now is not the time. Those spirit beasts might have disappeared, but they could still be out there beyond the moat. And what if there was poison throughout the castle. If we rush out there, we might find some trouble. Let's stay in the space for another day or two, just for some added insurance."
Although Meg didn't agree with what Zhao said, she still nodded, but then she suddenly noticed something on the screen. "Master, what's that red dot?"
Zhao's attention wasn't on the screen, so he didn't notice the red dot until Meg pointed it out. He turned and looked. There really was a red dot on the screen! And it was moving so fast!
The red dot was quickly moving through the main rooms of the castle. Zhao was surprised because he had never seen it before. He immediately tried to press the red dot on the screen, but it was moving with such a fast speed, he couldn't hit it. The only thing he could do was summon up the living room view and quietly wait for the red dot to end up there.
Meg was also looking at the screen, but occasionally her eyes would flick up to the upper left corner where there was a reduced sized three-dimensional map of the castle. She was able to see the movement of the red dot as it explored the rooms.
Soon the red dot was going down from the third floor and was now moving towards the living room. Zhao and Meg concentrated on the living room, and soon the red dot ended up there.
Suddenly, a shadow flashed on the screen, and a man appeared in the room. Zhao and Meg cried out in joy at the sight of the man. It was Green!
Seeing Green, Meg grabbed Zhao's shoulder. "Master, it's Grandpa! Grandpa came back! He's looking for us."
Zhao nodded. With a thought, a misty hole suddenly appeared in front of Green, followed by Zhao's voice. "Grandpa Green, come in."
Green felt anxious. He had been back in the Black Waste for the past two days.
When Green had first left the Black Waste, he went to the Purcell duchy, which was a subsidiary of the Aksu imperial principality. This duchy was ruled by Evan Purcell. Because of the fact that the Black Waste was located behind it, there would be no threat from that direction, so the duchy was able to grow and become one of the most developed economic regions in the Aksu Empire, making Duke Evan very powerful.
It was worth mentioning that the Purcell clan and the Buda clan had a very secret relationship. Evan's favorite daughter, Rui Purcell, who was the future Duchess, was supposed to marry Adam Buda. Normally, Rui would be Adam's fiancee, but now she was Zhao's fiancee.
But anyone on the Continent with a discerning eye could tell at a glance that it was impossible for the Purcell clan to recognize this marriage. That was because everyone was aware that there was no real love or friendship between the nobles. Adam's and Rui's marriage was only for political purposes.
So when the Buda clan was in trouble, the Purcell clan didn't help them, and instead selectively chose to forget about the Buda clan. Even when the Buda clan had to cross over the Purcell duchy to get to the Black Waste for their exile, the Purcell clan didn't come forward to meet them, adding insult to injury.
Still, Green recognized that the Purcell clan really ran their territory well, and it was precisely because of this that it was able to become a duchy.
Because of the well-developed territory, even the living standards of the ordinary commoners was relatively high. It would be easy to sell some magic radishes here.
Once Green went into the duchy, he found a large magic vegetable supplier, and talked to him a little about the price of radishes.
Eighty thousand catty of radishes was a lot, but it would be impossible for just that much to impact the Empire's radish market, even if the Empire was only a small principality.
But it wasn't as simple as Zhao just having eighty thousand catty of radishes. If Zhao wished to, he could grow three batches of radishes a day, adding up to two hundred and forty thousand catty of radishes. Two hundred and forty thousand catty of radishes per day? What kind of concept was that? Would there even be enough people in the Aksu Empire to eat all of those radishes?
But Green didn't know this about Zhao's spatial farm. The only thing he could do was talk about the quality of the radish. Because this time he wasn't just looking for any magic vegetable vendor, but a business that was well known across half the Continent: The Markey Company, which specialized in commodities, with magic vegetables as their core business. Although they didn't look fancy, generally even the nobles were afraid to offend them.
The radishes produced on the Continent weren't as great as the magic radish. Ordinary radishes had an acrid taste. But the magic radishes produced in the space were long, straight, and fat. Plus, they were crunchy with a sweet taste. In short, they will be very popular.
Because of the quality of the magic radish, the Markey Company bought them at eight times the market price, having decided on a batch of one hundred thousand catty per month. But this was just the initial number. If the radishes sold well, they were going to buy more.
While conducting business in the Purcell Duchy, Green happened to hear some mercenaries talking about an outbreak of spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. This news made his heart sink, so Green immediately ran back to the Black Waste.
However, he couldn't make it to the castle. There were too many undead spirit beasts. Green had no choice but to wait on the outer edge of the Black Waste for two days. He was so anxious, it felt like fire ants were crawling all over his body.
How could Green know that there would be an outbreak of undead spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. He had originally lived in the Aksu imperial capital, where the activities of the Black Waste wasn't well understood. They knew that it was a place of death and that no one went there, but the information about it was vague. There were only rumors that there would be an outbreak of spirit beasts every decade or two, and the last time there was an outbreak was two years ago. Although it was just rumors, everyone on the Continent agreed that the outbreaks came in a steady rhythm.
It was because of this that Green didn't spend so much on the castle's defenses. So when he heard about the outbreak of spirit beasts, it was like being hit with a hammer. He was afraid that Zhao would be hurt. If something happened to him, then the Buda clan was finished.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 47 - Calculation
As Zhao expected, the undead spirit beasts were wandering around on the Black Waste.
Fortunately, there were no longer any undead spirit beasts in the castle, nor did they break the gate or destroy the defensive walls. They were only able to get into the castle by climbing the walls, break everything inside, then climb back out.
It had to be recognized that even the most ordinary spirit beast was stronger than any animal on Earth. If there were lions and tigers on the Ark Continent, they would starve.
When Green saw that everything inside the castle was destroyed, his heart froze, but he didn't panic like an ordinary person would. When he was young, he fought alongside Adam's grandfather, and later his father, on the battlefield, so he had a lot of combat experience. It only took him a couple of seconds to realize that something was wrong.
There were no signs of fighting in the castle!
Although everything was destroyed, Green could see that there wasn't a trace of blood. The spirit beasts were probably venting their anger when they found nobody in the castle.
To make sure, Green carefully explored every room, finding no one. The only explanation he could come up with was that everyone had suddenly disappeared.
Just then, a misty hole appeared in the living room, followed by Zhao's voice. "Grandpa Green, come in."
Green was shocked. He dodged past the mist and looked inside the hole, but he couldn't see anything. However, he had no other choice so he jumped inside.
Green appeared in the spatial farm, right on the edge of the oil fruit fields. The trees had not beared fruit yet, and there were slaves nearby carefully learning how to read.
Meirin was next to the slaves, but she was the first one to notice that he had returned. "Green, you're back!" she immediately said.
Green was looking around in a daze. "Meirin, what is this place?"
Meirin smiled. "This is the young master's space. This is where that magic radish he gave you came from."
Then Zhao and Meg ran out of the hut. Zhao quickly moved into Green's open arms. "Grandpa Green, you're finally back!"
Green smiled. "Yes, Master. I'm back."
Zhao laughed. "Come on, now that you're back, let's talk inside." He pulled Green along, followed by the others.
Inside the hut, Zhao simply told Green about the situation with the space. Hearing what he said, Green's eyes shined, understanding what the spatial farm means for the Buda clan.
Once Zhao finished, Green excitedly said, "This is great, Master! With this space, we can revive the Buda clan."
Zhao smiled, then he took a sip of tea. "Grandpa Green, how did the magic radishes sell?"
"Master doesn't need to worry," Green said. "I negotiated with the Markey Company. They agreed to buy our eighty thousand catty of radishes, plus an additional twenty thousand catty, per month. And if they sell well, they might order even more."
"Great! But for how much?"
Green smiled. "Eight times the market price."
Zhao nodded. To be honest, this price exceeded his expectations. He thought that six times the market price would have been pretty good. After all, they were selling wholesale, not retail.
He then pointed out the fruit trees. "These oil fruits should ripen soon, then we'll be able to get a lot of oil. Will the Markey Company buy these?"
"I don't know," Green said while looking at the trees. "But the Markey Company pays attention to quality. Since our magic radishes were of good quality, they might take a look. If these oil fruits are also good, they will certainly buy them."
Zhao nodded, followed by a frown. "Grandpa Green, I forgot to ask, how is the situation out there on the Black Waste? Are there any spirit beasts around?"
Green's brows wrinkled. "There are, but their numbers have lessened. But I suggest that we should wait a few more days before we go out there, unless we want to attract a large number of spirit beasts."
Not waiting for Zhao to speak, Meg jumped in." Grandpa, Master has long thought the same, otherwise we wouldn't still be in here. You see, there is this magical thing that allows us to see the castle. It also helped us find you when you came back."
Meg spoke of the screen, which she felt was now even more magical because it could distinguish between friend or foe.
Green was curious about this screen, and Zhao wanted to demonstrate it for him, but then the voice suddenly came: [Oil fruit has matured. Please harvest as soon as possible]
Zhao was surprised for a moment, but then he left the hut. He looked towards the oil fruit fields that he had planted four days ago.
The fruit from those trees looked like kiwis from Earth, but it had a smooth blue-gray outer skin, and it was the size of a man's fist. The inside was a greenish yellow, and the juice had a lot of pulp as well as a high oil content.
Green was surprised at the sight of them. He knew very clearly that the oil fruits that grew on the Continent weren't this large. Looking at all the trees, the amount of oil they could get would definitely not be low.
But Zhao didn't know what Green was thinking. He was focusing on trying to figure out how much fruit the space had produced. There were three hundred trees, and each tree seemed to have made one thousand five hundred catty worth of fruit. With such a high yield, there would be a total of four hundred and fifty thousand catty of oil fruits. So they could probably extract three hundred thousand catty of oil, and this was certainly not a low number.
However, after he harvests the fruit, it seemed like he would only need two days before they mature again. Zhao calculated that in a month, he would be able to grow a batch of oil fruits nine times. That would mean he could squeeze out two million seven hundred thousand catty of oil per month.
After Zhao made these calculations, he said, "Harvest the oil fruits."
The basket flew out, collecting all the oil fruits. Green was surprised because this was the first time he had seen such a thing.
Green knew of how useful oil fruit could be. In addition to the oil they could make, the remainder of the fruit could be used to feed a lot of spirit beasts. Also, these fruit trees were a multi-batch crop, which had a huge advantage. You wouldn't need to plant them again after every harvest.
After the oil fruit was harvested, Zhao went towards the hut, but Green couldn't wait to ask, "Master, how much oil fruit did you harvest?"
Zhao smiled. "Around four hundred and fifty thousand catty. Each of these three hundred trees yields about one thousand five hundred catty."
Green had his head down as he counted it out, thinking of how much oil they could squeeze out of these fruits. "That means we can make three hundred thousand catty of oil? What a huge yield!"
Green knew that in the outside world they would be lucky to produce five hundred catty of fruit per tree, but in this space they had grown a heavy one thousand five hundred catty. This wasn't a small difference.
"Also, we will be able to harvest from these trees nine times per month," Zhao said. "And the next harvest is in two days."
Green excitedly stood up straight, then he paced back and forth. "Nine harvests a month? If we could get three hundred thousand catty of oil from every harvest, that would mean we would eventually get two million seven hundred thousand catty. And each catty of oil is worth one copper coin, so we'll get two point seven million copper coins, which would be equal to two thousand seven hundred gold coins!"
Zhao was surprised at what Green said. He really didn't expect that the oil on the Continent would be so cheap, costing even less than a radish. It seemed like these kinds of crops weren't really cost-effective.
But Zhao didn't know about the amount of oil that the Continent consumed everyday. It was an astronomical number. Welcome to the big oil market.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 48 - Ambition and Crisis
Radishes made more money than oil fruits. There was no comparison. A single batch of radishes could be sold for eight thousand gold coins, but every single oil fruit that he could grow in a month would only get him two thousand seven hundred gold coins.
But even if the Markey Company was one of the largest firms on the Continent, at most they would only be able to sell about four hundred thousand catty of radishes per month. After all, radishes cost one silver per catty, and many people couldn't afford that.
As long as Zhao grew five batches of radishes per month, he could make enough for them to sell. All together, it would only take forty hours, which was less than two days.
Then what could he grow the rest of the time? The common vegetables from the Continent? Those vegetable seeds would disappear as soon as it entered the spatial farm.
So he decided to grow oil fruits. Oil was in high demand. Cooking oil was needed on the Continent. Plus, some commoners who engage in heavy physical labor would consume oil as nutrients, because they generally couldn't afford to eat meat. The amount of oil used on the Continent per day was astronomical, resulting in a sustaining oil industry. Although radishes would get a higher profit, it would still make most of the nobility jealous.
And do not forget that two thousand seven hundred gold coins per month was an alarming figure. Even a small principality wouldn't get that much in monthly tax. Gold still has a lot of purchasing power on the Continent.
A gold coin could be changed to ten silver coins. A silver coin could be changed to a hundred copper coins. And a copper coin could buy you a catty of fruit, or half a catty of oil.
Rice and oil on the Continent was inexpensive, because oil was a high yield fruit, and rice was just eaten by slaves and a few commoners.
Zhao had over a hundred people living with him, and it didn't take much to feed them. A hundred gold coins per month should be enough, leaving them with two thousand six hundred.
And if it wasn't enough, they could also sell the five batches of radishes. Even if they couldn't sell them at eight thousand gold coins, they could still try selling them at six thousand, which would result in an extra thirty thousand gold coins per month.
But Green knew, after discussing with Zhao about the characteristics of this farm, that Zhao wanted to grow things that would also help them raise fish, rabbits, and other creatures.
They could obtain radish leaves from radishes and use it to feed the blue-eyed rabbits, but eating radish leaves alone wouldn't be enough. Sometimes they would need other kinds of nutrition. Once the oil was extracted from the fruit, it becomes one of the best feeds. Not only blue-eyed rabbits, they could also use it to raise a number of other spirit beasts. The most common ones on the Continent were horses and cattle.
For example, feeding oil to the horses would make them very strong. As long as they were fed oil, generally you could yield a good horse.
In addition, this type of feed could also be fed to some water type spirit beasts. Some of these spirit beasts liked to eat this oil, so it could be used for fish farming. These were the additional benefits that oil fruits could provide.
It was because of these ideas that Green got so excited. He took a deep breath, and was suddenly laughing.
The reason why he was laughing was because he had held it in too long. Before Zhao woke up, it was Green who was forced to feel the pressure of their decline. He thought that the Buda clan would slowly die out, and it was with this in mind that he desperately bought supplies to keep them alive. Although Zhao later changed for the better, Green was still unhappy because the Buda clan didn't have a source of stable income. It was their fatal weakness.
But after understanding this space, all of Green's concerns had vanished. Suddenly there was a shining sun sweeping away the hazy darkness in his heart.
Zhao didn't stop Green, knowing that he needed to vent because he was so happy.
After a moment, Green finally calmed down. "Master, after we go out, we can use the money from the magic radish sales to buy some things that we will need. Even if we harvest the oil fruit, we still need to buy a machine to extract the oil."
Zhao nodded. "I know, but Grandpa Green, we still have a bigger problem we need to solve. Outside, there are spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. Even if our future plans are good, we can't do anything if we hide in this space forever. We still need to go out there and develop our territory. So how are we supposed to face the attacks from all those spirit beasts?"
Green frowned. He knew that Zhao was right. Their plans might as well be empty air foam disappearing in the wind if they couldn't think of a way out of the spirit beast attacks.
But the question was how could they solve it? There was no simple solution. Although Green was confident in their skills, he understood that it was impossible to conquer the carrion swamp. There was a reason why it was one of the five forbidden areas, and that even the Continent's strongest couldn't conquer it.
Going over it a few times, Green couldn't think of a good way. He sighed and sat down at the table, his ambitions just disappearing without a trace.
Zhao also didn't have a solution about this situation. They were now too weak and small to resist against those spirit beast attacks.
Looking at Green's low mood, Zhao suggested, "Grandpa Green, we could still take a look outside, just in case." He pulled up the screen, but Zhao's eyes couldn't help but shrink, because he could clearly see that there were green dots on the three-dimensional map.
Zhao immediately stood up. Green noticed his actions as he carefully counted the green dots on the screen. There weren't that many, only about dozen, but they hadn't been there the last time he had checked.
Meirin's eyes were also firmly fixed on the screen. And Meg asked, "How come there are more of those things?"
Green spoke up. "When I came to the castle, there weren't any undead spirit beasts, but there were a few wandering around the Black Waste. Perhaps they had chased after me."
Zhao nodded, and pressed one of the green dots. The screen switched to the castle square where he saw several undead spirit beasts.
"This is nothing strange, Master," Meirin said. "Undead spirit beasts have a frenzied desire for fresh flesh. They could smell and feel the presense of living creatures. When Green came to the castle from the Black Waste, these undead would naturally follow him."
Zhao knew she was right. He switched the screen to the living room where there was another undead wandering around. This undead spirit beast was crocodile-shaped, but it was only a skeleton made of glowing green bones.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 49 - Undead Spirit Variation
Zhao took a serious look at this undead. He really didn't know how this thing was formed. Although there were many legends of zombies in his past life, they were still just legends. This was real.
This crocodile skeleton was blatantly crawling around the hall. It looked like a real crocodile composed entirely of bones, with a tail whipping around, leaving scars on the walls.
The thing that Zhao most noted was that the two eyes of the skeleton were just flashing green flames.
He also calculated that the crocodile was fifteen meters long and about three meters high. With its claws outstretched, it would have a width that reached five meters. If it wasn't for the fact that their castle's gate was large enough, this creature wouldn't have been able to get in because it was simply impossible for it to climb the defensive wall.
Switching the screen back to the three-dimensional map, Zhao could see the main parts of the castle. Except for the few spirit beasts in the square, there was the big crocodile, and the rat skeleton that was upstairs.
Zhao again switched the screen back to the living room and watched the crocodile skeleton. "Grandpa Green, how strong do you think this thing is?"
"This isn't a high level spirit beast. It's only a shallow water crocodile, so its fighting strength shouldn't be that strong, only around the fourth level. But now that it's an undead, it won't be afraid of death and it will not die so easily. Plus, its bones are poisonous. Even if it's not that strong, we should still be careful," Green said.
Zhao nodded. "Grandma Meirin, see if you can catch this thing and bring it into the space. I want to carefully look at it."
"That's simple. I can do that," Meirin said as she stood up and walked out of the hut.
Everyone followed her to the empty area behind the hut, then Meirin turned to Zhao. "Master, open a hole."
With a thought, a hole in space appeared. Meirin softly chanted a spell, and a blue watery light immediately flew into the hole. This band of light was like a huge rope, catching the crocodile skeleton and forcing it into the space.
Zhao looked at the creature that was twisting around on the ground. The blue light had completely shackled the crocodile skeleton. It couldn't attack with its claws, tail, and mouth because it had been tied down.
Since he had a closer look of this undead than just seeing it on the screen, he could clearly see that there wasn't a trace of flesh on the green bones, which somehow gave it a strange beauty.
Just then, the voice echoed: [Discovery of unknown object. Scanning. Scan complete. The robotic object is aggressively toxic. Extracting toxins. Strengthening the toxic compounds in the space] [The object is too manic. Does not meet space requirements. Re-implantation procedure initiated. The implantation procedure is successful] [Because the toxins might affect the humans in the space, a strong immunity is needed. Spatial water is given detoxification effects. Please consume spatial water as soon as possible]
Everyone was listening to the voice, although they couldn't understand what it said about robotic objects, or extracting toxic compounds, and a bunch of other stuff. This was the first time they had heard of such things and they simply didn't understand what it meant.
Zhao probably understood. But only probably. There were some things that he didn't quite understand as well. He only knew that the space categorized this undead as a robot, which wasn't exactly wrong.
First, it was a skeleton with no flesh and blood. It had no heart and it wasn't breathing, so it couldn't be regarded as a living thing. Second, its actions were controlled by some kind of soul fire, which was like a robot that was controlled by a smart chip. So the space classified this undead as a robot.
All of this was a surprise to Zhao because he didn't expect that the space would have such capabilities. It knew that the toxins would have an adverse impact on everyone here, so it extracted the toxins and formulated some sort of detoxification effect on the spatial water. As long as they drank the spatial water, they didn't need to be afraid of the toxins.
The part that Zhao didn't understand was when the space mentioned the re-implantation procedure, as well as the strengthening of toxic compounds. What did that mean? Did the space have toxic compounds?
Zhao then realized that the skeleton had stopped struggling. It was just lying there very quietly. And the green fire in its eyes had become red.
Looking at the color of the soul fire, he understood what the re-implantation procedure meant.
The re-implantation procedure changed the soul fire of this undead, making it an ally. He clearly remembered that the green dot on the screen indicated an enemy, and the red dot showed that it was a friend.
But it still had to be verified, so Zhao decided to try it out. "Grandma Meirin, please release this thing. The space might have changed it into an ally."
Meirin was surprised, but before she lifted her magic, everyone surrounded Zhao. This single undead couldn't handle their group, so it was impossible for it to pose a threat.
Meirin released her magic. The crocodile skeleton ran towards Zhao, but the impression it gave wasn't scary, almost like a spoiled dog.
"Stop!" Zhao quickly said.
He was afraid for it to get too close to him since he still hasn't drank the detoxifying water. If it touched him, he would be poisoned. Also, he wanted to see if he could command this creature.
Green was nervously looking at the skeleton, ready to attack it, but his fears were redundant because once Zhao gave the order, the creature immediately stopped. Although it still looked scary, people felt that it was a little pathetic.
Zhao didn't expect that such an evil looking undead could make people feel that way.
Meirin suddenly said, "It seems to be an undead spirit variation, Master. This time we really picked up a treasure."
Zhao was puzzled. "What is an undead spirit variation, Grandma Meirin?"
"Undead spirit variations are special. As an undead, the longer it can still move around, it will become more and more powerful. Not only will they gain a spiritual attack, they will also slowly regain the abilities they had when they were alive. This shallow water crocodile had a poison attribute. Normally, when it became an undead, it would just be an ordinary crocodile skeleton, but now it has poisonous abilities. So it could now hold dual attributes of the poison attribute and the spirit attribute. That is what we see now. In fact, when we felt it change, that was a spiritual attack."
Zhao nodded, trying to understand. "So would that mean if a humanoid undead doesn't die, it will slowly regain its original skill?
Meirin nodded, her face solemn. "Yes, Master. It is said that if a mage becomes an undead, he would slowly regain the same abilities from his life. A lot of people think that as long as one is an undead, they would only have attributes of a dark nature. But they are wrong. There are undead with various attributes on the Continent."
Zhao looked at the crocodile skeleton. He really didn't think that he would actually find such a treasure. Spiritual attacks are the Continent's most dreaded attacks. It would be difficult to guard against, even for a mage. He didn't know that this thing could really attack the spirit, which was really a surprise.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 50 - Catch the Undead
"Master, will keeping this thing in the space be safe? It is quite toxic," Green asked.
"Never mind that, Grandpa Green," Zhao said. "Call everyone over to drink some water. Only when you drink the spatial water will you have no fear of the poison." He turned away from the hut and walked towards the spring, with the crocodile skeleton obediently following five steps behind him, like a faithful dog.
They stood next to the spring, not finding anything special about it. There seemed to be no changes.
Zhao was somewhat puzzled. Meg went into the hut to get some cups, while Blockhead and Rockhead gathered the slaves.
Meg passed around a few cups. Zhao took a sip of the water and found nothing strange about the taste. Then he walked towards the crocodile skeleton.
After taking a drink of water himself, Green pulled Zhao back. "Master, let me do it. Your body isn't strong enough. If the water doesn't work, I still have a chance to withstand the poison. You don't."
Zhao thought about it, then he nodded his head. Green stood next to the crocodile skeleton, took a deep breath, and then held out his hand. They all looked on nervously as Green put his hand on the crocodile's skull. A few people unconsciously sucked in their breaths.
Nothing!
Green tried again and forcefully patted its bones, but evidently the water really did have a detoxifying effect.
"Master, it seems like the water is really effective." Green smiled.
Zhao smiled back, then he walked beside the crocodile and touched him. The crocodile skeleton felt that it had been rewarded, like a dog being caressed by its owner, so it shook its big tail, almost hitting a slave.
Zhao laughed while he rubbed the crocodile's skull. "Stop swinging your tail. You know, big guy, you are very interesting. I think I will call you Alien."
In his past life, there was a horror movie called "Alien", and this crocodile skeleton was so strange and scary, that he simply called him that.
The big guy seemed to understand Zhao's words. It wagged its tail in joy, but this time it held back the shaking. It was like it was shaking his tail at the same time as trying not to shake it.
Zhao patted its head, then said, "I want you to go to the back of the hut, lie on your tummy and stay there." After it slowly moved behind the hut, Zhao turned to Green and asked, "Grandpa Green, do you think we should catch some more undead?"
Green thought about it. "That's a good idea. Ah, but although your space is big, can you fit so many undead?"
Zhao frowned. His space only totaled over ten mu large. He couldn't let those undead roam around here, where the rest of the slaves also stayed. But there was no where else to place the undead.
Zhao turned twice on the ground, until he remembered what the voice said. The space classified the undead as robotic objects. It wasn't a living thing. Since the space didn't consider that it was alive, wasn't it possible to put it in the barn? If that was really so, then he could bring more undead into the space. Maybe Zhao could pretend to be a Summoner.
Anyway, there was no point thinking about it if he didn't first test out the idea to see if it would be successful.
With just a thought, the crocodile skeleton behind the hut disappeared. Zhao immediately went to the front of the barn and touched the doors. The barn prompt opened, and there he could see a small icon of a crocodile's skull.
Zhao couldn't help but laugh, then he turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, rest assured, I can put these undead into my barn. So we can bring them into the space."
"That's wonderful," Green said. "With these undead creatures, Master will be safer. If you were to wear a mage's robe, then you could move around the Continent and pretend to be a summoner. There's no doubt that no one on the Continent would be able to realize that it's you, because you drank the Water of Nothingness."
Zhao nodded. "That's good, Grandpa Green. Let's go grab some undead. Once we catch more, we could put them in the perimeter of the Black Waste, so that whoever comes will think that the undead spirit beasts weren't gone yet. This would be an added measure of security."
Hearing what Zhao said, Green's eyes lit up. "Master, could we take in some, you know, spirit beasts that are actually alive?"
Zhao shook his head. "Those spirit beasts aren't the same as undead ones. The space see the undead as objects. If they were alive, I couldn't put them in the barn. I can't hold those spirit beasts in the space."
Green nodded. He knew that he was being too greedy. Undead spirit beasts were good enough.
In fact, even though Zhao didn't say it, he knew that his level and his money wasn't enough to open a pasture. If he could open a ranch, then he could rein in those spirit beasts. But now he could only use the farm for farming.
Zhao then turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, first move the slaves to a safe place. When we catch the undead, I fear that they might hurt them."
"I'll tell Daisy and Ann to move them to the oil fruit field," Meirin said.
Zhao nodded, then he walked to the hut, until he suddenly noticed that there were two bottles under the hut's window.
These two bottles looked very ordinary. In his past life, people wouldn't pay attention to them. If you were to see them on the street, you would just kick them aside.
But Zhao looked determinedly at these two bottles. One of them was white, while the other was blue. And they had the words "Pesticide" and "Herbicide" written on them!
They were written with Chinese characters, so Green didn't know what they meant. Of course, Zhao knew, and that was when he finally realized what the space meant when it said that it was extracting the toxins to enhance the spatial toxic compounds.
Originally, Zhao didn't know the meaning of that sentence because he didn't remember that the space had toxic compounds. But when he saw these two bottles, he realized that this was what it was.
Yes, the spatial herbicide and pesticide were indeed toxic. In his past life, many people wouldn't eat vegetables that were grown with the help of these things because they were afraid that they might be poisoned.
Zhao picked up the bottle of pesticide. This time there was no tone chiming, but the information went directly into his head. Pesticides. Toxic compounds. Can kill Pests. Unlimited dosage. Toxic strength can be adjusted.
Zhao understood that this pesticide wasn't that different from the original. The only change was that he could now adjust the strength of the toxin.
After Zhao put down the pesticide, he picked up the herbicide, and the results were similar.
Zhao was very satisfied of how the space could be upgraded in various ways. As long it keeps leveling up, he believed that there was no expert in the world he had to be afraid of.
Everyone was looking at Zhao with puzzlement, not knowing what he was doing. "Master, what are those two bottles for?" Meirin asked.
Zhao smiled. "There is poison inside these bottles. One bottle could kill the insects that eat the crops, while the other could kill the weeds that grow on the ground."
Meirin and everyone else didn't know that these two bottles could be so useful. In the Continent, although there were a lot of alchemists, because of their important status, they generally didn't pay attention to agriculture, so they didn't design any herbicidal or insecticidal poisons. This was the first time Meirin had heard that such things existed.
Green instantly understood what the bottles could mean. "Master, can these two things be taken out of the space?"
"Yes, of course." Zhao nodded. "And the amount you can use has no limit."
"Great! With these two bottles, the future crops outside will have no pests that we'll have to worry about!"
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 51 - Aggro
Because the people of the Continent didn't place great importance in developing agriculture, sometimes there would be pests cutting their crop yields, leading to a lot of starvation.
However, Green also knew that the natural conditions of the Ark Continent were very good, such as with the rice tree. This tree was like a bamboo, growing more than ten meters, and would produce rice twice a year. Despite that, most of the Continent's people would still go hungry.
The rice that this tree produces is mostly eaten by slaves. This tree didn't have very high land requirements. There were many places on the Continent where it could be grown, so it wasn't easy to have a food shortage in the Continent.
But Green didn't buy the rice seeds to grow these trees.
Even though he was clear on the fact that the soil requirements weren't that high, it would be impossible to grow this tree on the mountain, because this tree has one important drawback. It was very sensitive to metal.
A test was done in which they put a hundred pound piece of iron in a rice field. The result was that within ten days, all the rice trees in that farm land died off.
It was precisely because of this that Green didn't buy any seeds for the rice tree. Even though the dwarves have pretty much mined all the iron ore, the soil on this mountain probably has higher levels of iron than other places. Growing rice was simply nonsense.
So Green chose to grow oil fruit trees instead. Their soil requirements were very low and the clan would be able to benefit from those trees for many years. Plus, they could be grown on the mountain.
But, like the rice trees, the oil fruit trees also had a fatal flaw. They were vulnerable to pests.
Compared to the rice trees, the oil fruits were really susceptible to pests. Although rice trees would on average experience a large-scale infestation every five years, the oil fruit trees would practically be affected by those pests every single year. But fortunately, they could grow almost everywhere, so they would be able to keep up the production of oil fruit.
However, this disadvantage was very deadly to the Buda clan. They needed a large amount of oil fruit trees as a major source of income. But if the trees were infested with pests, then they would be finished.
This was what Green was worried about, but now that Zhao showed him the pesticide, it felt like a heavy load had vanished from his heart.
Seeing Green so cheerful, Zhao said, "But I don't agree with the use of these two things. These two bottles are toxic. If we use them on the crops, there would be traces of toxins on them. Although it won't immediately poison the body, over many years of eating those crops, the toxins will accumulate, deteriorating your health."
Green paused for a moment, then frowned. "This is a problem. It seems that we won't be able to eat if we use that stuff."
Zhao shook his head, and decided to think about it for later. There were other problems he had to face. "Grandpa Green, let's go into my hut and see how many undead are on the screen, then find a way to catch them."
Green nodded. To be honest, Green felt that the screen was very convenient. You could see outside the space to know what the situation was. The only drawback was that the range was too small.
Several people in the hut looked at the screen. The number of green dots didn't seem to change, staying around a dozen. Zhao looked at the living room and saw that a green dot had appeared there.
Bringing up the living room view, Zhao spotted a rat skeleton spirit beast. Looking at it, he couldn't help but freeze. He then looked up at the small three-dimensional map on the top of the screen, and sure enough, the green dot from upstairs was gone. It seems like the rat skeleton from upstairs had gone down to the living room.
Zhao wondered what was so special about the living room.
Green was also tracking the rat skeleton on the screen. "It seems like it senses people. Strange as it may be, the undead's ability to smell living flesh is really amazing."
Hearing what Green said, Zhao understood. The smell of human flesh must have leaked out of the space hole, making the rat skeleton go into the living room.
Figuring this out, Zhao felt joy because he thought of a way to catch these undead. There was a gaming term for it: Aggro.
In his past life, Zhao didn't play much of these games, but he still understood them from reading web novels.
Zhao turned to Green. "Grandpa Green, if we just wait for the undead to come into the living room, we might not get a large amount since we'll only be catching them one at a time. Maybe we can send a person out to pull more of the undead. We'll gather a lot of them and lead them here."
Zhao knew that the undead were sensitive to the living.
"Yes, that's a good idea," Green said. "But Master, what if this causes even more undead spirit beasts to attack us? Don't you think that it's because of us being here that those undead are coming?"
Zhao thought for a moment, then his face changed. This was certainly something he was worried about, in the case that the undead felt their presence, they would over run the castle and make it even more unsafe.
Meirin shook her head. "I do not think that it's because of us. Do not forget, we have been here for almost a month. If we're the reason, then those undead should have come out from the carrion swamp the moment we came to the Black Waste."
Green and Zhao heard what Meirin said, and they couldn't help but feel relieved. But Green then frowned. "That's strange. I remember people saying that here in the Black Waste, an outbreak of undead occurs every ten or twenty years And the last time was just three or four years ago. If it isn't because of us, then why did this outbreak happen so soon? If the frequency of outbreaks is this fast, then we're in trouble."
"You can't really believe those rumors. No one really understands how the Black Waste works," was all Meirin could say.
Green nodded. "Yes, ah, I forgot that there's really nothing appealing in the Black Waste, so naturally no one actually comes here. Well, anyway we can always hide in the space if the plan doesn't work."
Green's attitude was a lot better than before. It wasn't like when he felt so desperate as if he had lost hope. In their struggle, he became very serious because it was hard to do what was best, which gave him a lot of pressure.
But now that he knew about Zhao's space, Green's attitude completely changed. He looked relaxed, because he believed that as long as Zhao had the space, the Buda clan would continue. Even if it wasn't restored to its former glory, it wouldn't be difficult to ensure the continuation of the Buda clan.
Hearing what Green said, Zhao couldn't help but chuckle. "Don't worry, Grandpa Green. If we could put some of the Continent's plants into the space, we can level up the space, which means we could make it larger. This will make it more helpful."
Green's eyes lit up. "Really? Master, is it true that the space can become bigger?"
Zhao nodded. "Of course. In fact, the space has already leveled up twice, giving us four acres. Grandma Meirin knows this since she was in the space during the second level up."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 52 - Right Answer
Green turned to look at Meirin, and after getting a positive response from her, he had a look of excitement. "That's great. As long as we can get through this crisis, we can then start sending the magic radishes to the Markey Company. What do you want to do now, Master?"
"Grandma Meirin, Grandpa Green, you'll go out the hole behind the hut while I monitor the undead from here. Today, we must grab as many as we can."
Green and Meirin nodded, then turned and walked out, while Zhao paid attention to the undead.
In the next five days, the slaves were practicing their reading and writing, while Zhao and the rest were catching the undead spirit beasts.
In these five days, they used Zhao's suggestion of aggro, and they managed to catch about a thousand undead. Once these undead entered the space, the green soul fire where their eyes were supposed to be turned red, and then Zhao threw them into his barn.
Also, in this five day period, thanks to his four acres of land, he was able to harvest eight batches of corn, while also harvesting a lot of oil fruit. Now that he had about a dozen batches of stored corn, Zhao thought that he should try planting something else.
But now wasn't have the time to think about that because there were spirit beasts outside. After a lapse of five days, the undead spirit beasts had almost all disappeared after getting caught and converted.
This allowed Green to feel at ease. He had some worry that it was because they were here that the undead spirit beasts came out of the carrion swamp. But now that the undead were gone, and no more were rushing out of the swamp, he was relieved by this good news.
Once the undead spirit beasts have receded, Zhao and everyone else immediately left the space. But once they were out, all of them had a frown on their faces when they saw the horrendous destruction of the castle. Although the main building didn't suffer that much damage, all the supplies had been battered and destroyed, making the castle look more ragged.
Looking at the dilapidated castle, Zhao's heart felt uncomfortable. Although the castle was plain and simple, it was still home.
The screen had allowed them to see what was happening outside, but now that they were actually here, the destruction looked more intense. Blockhead couldn't resist punching a wall until blood flowed down from his fist.
Contrary to that, Green was very calm. These past few days he had been out of the space doing the aggroing, so he was clear on the situation of the castle.
Meirin also saw the filthy state of the castle. "Well, let's gather up anything that the spirit beasts touched and get them out of the castle. I'm afraid that they could be toxic. Once we get everything out, I will use water to rinse out the castle."
Green frowned. "But now the moat water is green and it seems to be toxic. If we use that water to clean the castle, then it might just infect it instead."
Meirin also frowned, then she turned to Zhao. "Master, should we go look at the moat?"
Zhao also wanted to see it. He wanted to check if his spatial water's detoxification ability could be a solution to the moat water's poison.
Green apparently thought of this as well. "Master, do you think you can detoxify the water in the moat?"
"We'll go take a look first. Meg, you will arrange for everyone to throw out everything in the castle. Everyone has drunk the spatial water, so I don't think that they would be poisoned if they touch anything."
Meg agreed, then organized the slaves to clean up.
Accompanied by Green and Meirin, Zhao walked straight towards the moat. The three looked at the moat. It was really like Green said; the moat water indeed released a queer green light. Not only did it scare them, it also made them feel puzzled. Although the water was flowing, the green color didn't dissipate.
Meirin wrinkled her brow as she looked at the moat water. "The water is flowing, but evidently it still contains a lot of toxins. I think that the problem could be from the underground lake."
Zhao nodded. "Grandma Meirin, take out a little water. I want the space to analyze it and test how strong the toxicity of the water is."
Meirin waved her hands, and a bubble of water floated up. Zhao immediately put it in his spatial farm.
The spatial voice sounded in Zhao's head. [Purification of toxic compounds in the contaminated water is possible]
Zhao could now rest assured. "Grandpa Green, Grandma Meirin, let's go to the underground lake. If we want to use the spatial water to remove the water's poison, then we better start at the source."
Meirin and Green were also relieved. To be honest, they were afraid that the spatial water would have trouble removing the poison. Although they believed that flowing water would eventually take out the poison, this would require a very long period of time, which would impact their clan's development.
Just as they were about to head to the mountain, Zhao suddenly stopped, standing motionless while staring at something.
Meirin and Green were both puzzled, so they followed where Zhao's eyes were looking. It was just an area of black soil, nothing unusual in the Black Waste. Green was confused, not knowing why Zhao was staring at it. Meirin also had some difficulty figuring out why he froze, but when she finally understood, her face suddenly went white.
That area of black soil was where Zhao first did his land improvement. Now the color of that piece of land was no different from the rest of the Black Waste.
Meirin's voice quavered. "Master, could it be?"
Zhao nodded, his face pale. If it was really the case in which that land changed back to the original black soil, then his land improvement had failed.
Green didn't understand what was wrong with the two, but looking at their faces, he knew that something bad had happened. He walked behind Zhao as they went towards that piece of land.
Once Zhao stood in front of it, he squatted down and carefully looked over the land, then he dug his hand into the ground and brought up some dirt. He breathed a long sigh of relief.
It turned out that this land didn't completely change back to its originally appearance. Maybe those undead spirit beasts had just brought the black soil over and covered this piece of land so that nothing would grow. His land improvement wasn't a failure.
Meirin also grabbed a handful of soil and carefully looked at it. She still made an ugly face.
Green looked at the two with puzzlement, not knowing why they were closely staring at the black soil. He also crouched down and grabbed some of it with his hand. He soon discovered the improvements in this soil. Startled, he excitedly faced Zhao. "Master, what is this?"
Zhao took a deep breath and explained. "It is because of my space. Using the spatial earth and water, I was able to improve the soil in this piece of land so we could grow things here. But for some reason the spirit beasts brought this black soil from elsewhere and covered up the improved land."
Before Green could say anything, Meirin spoke up. "No, Master, I don't think that this black soil was brought here from elsewhere, but rather the surface of this land has been infected by the spirit beast's toxins, turning it back into black soil. If the spirit beasts really did bring the black soil here, it would definitely not be so uniform. Look around, this entire mu of land changed color."
Zhao took a moment to carefully look over the land and found that what Meirin said was true. The black color was very uniform. This was too unreasonable. The only explanation was that the improved land wasn't covered, it was contaminated.
No one on the Continent knew why the Black Waste had become like this. But when Zhao saw the polluted water, and now looking at this piece of land, he naturally thought that it was polluted by the spirit beasts. Unfortunately, they found the right answer.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 53 - It may be the Truth
Zhao hit the ground. "Why must our efforts go in vain?"
Green patted Zhao's shoulder. "No, Master. Rest assured, we will find a way to resolve this matter."
Zhao's face still didn't look good. He touched the ground and said, "No, you don't understand. Such a big piece of land, I planned to slowly improve it for farming, but now it seems that this plan would never be implemented."
Zhao stood up with a look of frustration. This time the blow was really too heavy. He simply couldn't transform such a large area of land within a short amount of time. If those spirit beasts come before he completed the transformation, then all of his efforts will come to nothing. Even if he completed the transformation, and those spirit beasts appeared, that would also tantamount to him doing useless work.
Green didn't know how to comfort Zhao. Obviously, after encountering such a situation, it would be hard to make his heart feel better.
Zhao looked at the Black Waste, and sighed. He turned around and walked towards the mountain, but he didn't take two steps before he stopped, and muttered, "No, this seems right."
Just when Meirin and Green were about to follow Zhao, Green was puzzled when he stopped. "Master, what's wrong?"
Zhao pointed at the mountain. "Grandpa Green, what do you see in that mountain?"
Green looked at the mountain, and frowned. "I only see weeds. Ah, wait, how can there be weeds on the mountain when the spirit beasts make black soil with their toxins? How could the soil on the mountain be unaffected?"
Meirin also reflected over this question. She looked puzzled thinking about how the spirit beasts trampled over the weeds, but after a few days of recovery, they would just crop up again. They were really tough with a tenacious vitality.
Seeing the weeds with restored vitality, Zhao felt that something was wrong. If the Black Waste was really contaminated by the touch of those spirit beasts, then it should be impossible for anything to grow on the mountain.
Looking at the patch of black land, Zhao murmured. "No, but if it isn't because of being touched by the toxins on the spirit beasts, then what is it?"
Green and Meirin also turned to look at the black land, seeing how far it stretched to the end. Originally, Meirin felt that her answer was right, but now that she saw those mountain weeds, she knew that it was the wrong answer.
Zhao walked in a circle, trying to figure out why the land had become like this, and thoughtlessly he ended up at the edge of the moat, where he unconsciously stopped, seeing the green moat while in a daze.
Meirin and Green saw Zhao standing motionless by the moat, and were a little nervous wondering what was happening to Zhao.
Zhao then forcefully clapped his hands. "I think I got it."
"Master, what are you thinking about?" Green was surprised.
Zhao pointed to the moat. "The water is flowing, but it is still green. That is to say, the underground lake where the water comes from must have been contaminated by the spirit beasts. But why should those spirit beasts go there? There's nothing to eat there. So I think that the purpose the spirit beasts go to the lake is to most likely take a bath."
"A bath? "  Green and Meirin couldn't help but say. They both gave Zhao strange looks, thinking that he was frantic.
"Master must be distraught," Meirin quickly said.
Zhao turned around and looked at Meirin. "What? Grandma Meirin doesn't believe what I said?"
"Master, those spirit beasts came from the carrion swamp. It's a marshy place where there's no scarcity of water. Why would they come here to take a bath?"
Zhao snapped his fingers. "This is the problem. Although the carrion swamp does have water, that water is toxic. Like you said before, the air over there is toxic, so how could the water not be toxic? They wouldn't use that water for bathing. I think that they must be looking for some clean water to bathe in."
Hearing what Zhao said, Green and Meirin had never really thought about it.
Zhao looked at the two. "The reason that this land has become black is most likely related to those spirit beasts. Those creatures came from the carrion swamp, where everything, including the air and the water, is toxic. Maybe even the poison is too much for those spirit beasts to stand. So they will most likely go to the Black Waste, here, and try to flush out the excess toxins from their bodies. This will slowly make the Black Waste reach its current state."
What Zhao said made more and more sense to Green and Meirin.
But Green frowned. "But even if we can detoxify, when the spirit beasts come out of the carrion swamp with a high frequency, wouldn't we still be in trouble?"
Hearing what Green said, Zhao's look of excitement disappeared. He remembered that even if he found out a possible truth, he still didn't find a solution yet. Zhao took a deep breath and looked at the Black Waste. "We can't keep worrying about it since it's already happened. If there is a solution, we'll think about it eventually."
That being said, he walked towards the mountain. Green and Meirin took one last look at the Black Waste with a sigh, before they followed behind Zhao. They were afraid that there could be spirit beasts lingering around the underground lake, so it would be dangerous for Zhao.
The three made it to the entrance to the mines. Before Zhao could walk in, Meirin pulled him aside. "Master, let Green have a look first."
Zhao reluctantly stopped, but soon Green's voice could be heard coming from inside. "Master, Meirin, come in. There are no spirit beasts here."
Zhao and Meirin went into the mines, and eventually made it to the underground lake where Green was standing, looking at the lake in a daze. Meirin immediately used a lighting spell, now the three could clearly see the situation of the lake.
The lake was green. It was a deeper green than the moat.
Zhao sighed. "With such a good lake, I hate it when you guys take a bath in it." With these words, he opened up a hole, and the spatial water poured into the lake.
But Zhao didn't think that the moment the spatial water entered the lake, it would induce something like a chemical reaction. From the point of contact, the detoxification effect moved with a fast speed towards the center of the lake, and then beyond where Zhao could see.
Zhao was stunned. Although they suspected that the space could solve the water's poison, wasn't this too quick? From where the water flowed out of this lake, would it also react as fast?
Zhao was still uncertain. "I don't know if the water still contains toxins, Grandma Meirin. Could you look and see?" Since Meirin was a powerful water mage, this kind of thing was within her abilities.
Meirin nodded. She reached towards the lake and whispered a spell. A group of blue light emitted from her hand, like a sky full of stars, then they disappeared into the lake.
Eventually, the blue lights were brought together in Meirin's hands, then they slowly disappeared. Meirin opened her eyes with a look of shock. "That’s amazing! All the toxins had disappeared. There's nothing left."
Zhao at once said, "Let's go back to the castle and see."
The trio immediately walked out of the mines, as soon as they were out of the entrance, they could see smoke rising from the castle. Evidently, Meg was doing her job.
Once they made it to the castle, they saw Meg was setting some of the garbage, which they threw out of the castle, on fire. After seeing that, Zhao quickly walked to the moat, and sure enough, the water was clear. All the green had completely disappeared.
But Zhao still wasn't reassured. He told Meirin to float up a water bubble, and then he brought into his space to see if it was still poisonous. The voice came, and it told him that the water has been completely cleared of toxic compounds.
After waiting until after Meg threw out all of the garbage, Meirin magically used the water to clean the castle. Once it was done, the castle was finally livable again.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 54 - A Seedling
Although the castle was clean again, it wasn't wet, mainly thanks to Meirin's control over water. She was an eighth level water mage, her control was perfect. The water only washed away the dirt until the castle was practically shining, and then there was nothing left but a little water vapor after she was done.
After Meirin cleaned the castle, Zhao immediately took the supplies back out from his space, along with some corn stalks for the kitchen and the slaves. After all, they needed this stuff to live. Once those things were taken out, Zhao left Meg to finish cleaning the castle, while he took Meirin to go check out the valley. He wanted to see if the valley also became the same as the rest of the Black Waste.
Green also wanted to look at the valley with Zhao. If it hadn't been contaminated, it would be considered a good source for growing food.
Meirin used her water spells to bring them over the lake and straight towards the valley. Zhao's heart was disturbed. He feared that the valley would be no different than the rest of the Black Waste.
Once they made it to the valley, Zhao was silent. It was as he expected, the land in the valley he had improved returned to its original look. But as he was looking at the valley, he discovered a problem.
There were no footprints.
There was no indication that anything had been on this land. If the spirit beasts hasn't been here, then how could the land become like this?
Zhao was puzzled. Next to him, Green sighed. "If there are no footprints, then it seems that those flying spirit beasts were here, spreading their poison."
Hearing what Green said, Zhao looked up towards the mountain and saw a few black spots here and there. It really seemed like Green was right, that it was because of the toxins from the flying spirit beasts.
Zhao felt depressed. Not only did they have to deal with spirit beasts on the ground, they also had to deal with the ones flying in the sky?
Just then, while searching the ground, Meirin suddenly shouted. "Ah, Master, come look!"
Zhao and Green didn't know what Meirin was so excited about, so they rushed over and were shocked at what she showed them.
In front of them was a seedling. A tiny corn seedling.
In front of their eyes was a small seedling, but do not forget that this land had been turned into black earth, so seeing it grow, wasn't it strange?
Looking at these seedlings, Zhao was puzzled. "How could it grow when the land has become like this?"
Meirin and Green didn't know how to answer him, they too didn't understand why. Zhao clawed at the ground around the seedling, and found that even if the surface had turned into black soil, the roots of the seedling were being nurtured by the fertile earth. The roots were very sturdy, allowing it to grow.
Looking at these seedlings, Zhao was reminded of something from his past life, when he saw corn seeds in rural areas. He was shocked to discover that those corn seeds were pink, and not the golden color that he was expecting. Thinking that it was strange, he questioned the people about it, and they laughed because, of course, corn seeds weren't actually pink. The reason that they were that color was because they were treated corn seeds.
In the north, because of the climate and the worms, it was difficult to grow corn. So they needed to treat the corn seeds with pesticides to help them sprout and survive until they grew into seedlings.
Growing in such a difficult environment reminded Zhao of this situation. Of course, he wasn't thinking of using pesticides and killing insects. He was thinking about dousing these seedlings with spatial water to help them grow. He wanted to see if corn could grow without land improvement, because now the spatial water had detoxification abilities.
Green and Meirin were standing there motionless while looking at the seedlings. They were very surprised, thinking that they would see a catastrophe with all the planted corn being destroyed. Never did they expect that the corn seeds would survive.
Zhao patted the earth and stood up. "Grandpa Green, Grandma Meirin, after we go back and settle things, we can use the spatial water on these tiny seedlings. Since the spatial water can detoxify, maybe it can also improve the land. The success rate might be low, but if it is successful, we can do it many times in one day."
Meirin was surprised. "Master, didn't you say that you could only improve one mu of land per day?"
"Certainly, the space has specified that we couldn't do so much land improvement, but it never said anything about just using the spatial water. We'll need some more land to test, and I have a lot of corn in my barn that we could use as corn seeds. Let's try it to see whether we could do it or not."
Before Meirin could speak, Green nodded his head and said, "Master, this is a good idea, but will we run out of spatial water?"
Zhao chuckled. "That shouldn't be the case. When so many of us were living inside the space, we were drinking water every day. The amount of water everyone drank per day was certainly not a small amount, yet did you see if there was less spatial water?"
"There really wasn’t any decrease," Green recalled. "This is really great, Master. But I still think we should first go send the radishes to the Markey Company. Then we could start growing oil fruit seeds and alfafa seeds on the mountain. Once we douse it with spatial water, we can slowly change the mountain land to shorten the growth period of the oil fruit trees. Once we have a good harvest, then we can have a fixed income."
Zhao nodded. "Yes, we should do that. But I'm a bit worried that when we go deliver the radishes, what would happen to the people in the castle when we leave? If those spirit beasts attacks, they will be unable to resist."
Green laughed. "Master, what are you worrying about? We can just take everyone with us inside the space."
Zhao thought for a moment, and then smiled. He forgot about that. With his space, he could simply take everybody with him. After all, protecting everyone was the most important.
'This is a good idea." Meirin nodded. "Also, we shouldn't disguise how damaged the castle looks. The people in the Continent already knows about the disaster with the spirit beasts invading the Black Waste, so if they send someone to come see, it would be like we were playing dead. Perhaps in the future, we wouldn't need to worry about those guys."
"I fear that it may not be that easy since you've just cleaned up the castle," Green said. "If someone were to look at it, then I'm afraid that we won't be able to hide it for too long. Once we head out, we can only stay away for a short time, so the only thing we should do is sell the radishes."
Meirin gave a wry smile. She never really thought that it would be a mistake to clean too fast.
"Well, then we should go as soon as possible, and not be found out by those guys," Zhao said.
"Then Master, we should go back and start at once. There are a lot of things that have to be done."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 55 - Black Mage
When Zhao returned to the castle, he told Meg to make the nessecery preparation. In two days, they were going to go to the Purcell Duchy with everybody.
In fact, this preparation was very simple. They could just put everything they needed into the space. The slaves had already been in the space before, so they were ready and willing to go in when they were informed .
Two days later, everyone went into the space. However, Zhao didn't go in. He was staying outside with Green.
Green, if he was traveling by himself, could go really fast. But since Zhao was going with him this time, they would naturally move more slowly.
Fortunately, Zhao took out one of the undead from the space, and now he and Green were on their way, riding on Alien. Although Green was fast, he would still become tired, while an undead could keep on going like a perpetual motion machine.
It should be said that the Black Waste was really huge. Their speed was not slow, and they have been moving day and night, but it would take them three more days before they could see the outer perimeter of the Black Waste.
Fortunately, Alien was large enough for Zhao to simply cover its back with planks of wood to make a bed, like turning the undead into a car.
Right now they were going down a road paved with slabs of stone, and although it had become weathered, it was still flat, which showed off the dwarves superb craftsmanship. This road was used by the dwarves to move a large number of iron ore, along with a wide variety of iron products, to be sold to the whole Continent. But since all the iron ore were mined, and no more adventurers had tried to conquer the carrion swamp, no one uses this road anymore. If not for the fact that grass didn't grow here, there would simply be no road at all.
Three days later, Zhao finally saw the outer perimeter of the Black Waste. In the distance, he could see something green, which made his spirit rise.
Green was also relieved. To be honest, he would like a change of scenery. Seeing the endless black soil was a kind of a torture. Throughout their journey, he and Zhao had been talking less and less, especially in the last half day, when they didn't even say a word to each other. The two just sat there, looking at the endless black soil, like their souls had been sucked out.
Then imagine what would happen when their eyes suddenly spotted something green. Even if it was just a little bit, it had a huge impact.
Zhao shouted, like he wanted to run off. Green chuckled. "Master, this is the outer perimeter. Over there is the Purcell Duchy. If we go any further, we will be leaving the Buda clan's territory."
From what Green said, Zhao nodded and turned around to look at all that black land. The land was his, but it didn't bring him a happy mood. Seeing the endless land that couldn't be planted made it look like his ideas weren't feasible.
Slowly, they saw more and more patches of green. Zhao then spotted mountains that were bigger, and with a lot more trees, than the iron mountain near his castle. He was shocked when he saw these steep mountains, which made the iron mountain look gentle.
Green noted the look on Zhao's face, and smiled. "I guess Master didn't expect that the mountains here would be so high and steep?"
Zhao nodded, then Green continued. "In fact, this is not surprising. Even if it's not the highest place, it is definitely not the shortest. Comparatively speaking, they are higher than the one near our castle."
They then saw a valley, hundreds of meters wide, in the distance. It was the only way out of the Black Waste. As long as they go through there, they would enter the territory of the Purcell Duchy.
Green pointed to the valley. "That place was once called the Iron Stream Valley. All the iron flows out through there. But ever since there was no more iron coming out, people slowly forgot about the name of this place, and it eventually became known as the Forgotten Valley. In the Forgotten Valley, there's a fortress called Montenegro. It was designed to prevent any massive outbreaks of spirit beasts from going through the Forgotten Valley and into the Purcell Duchy. Strange to say, those spirit beasts had never come out of the Black Waste. So the fortress slowly turned into a paradise for adventurers. They were risk takers, and although the carrion swamp was too risky, they could still hunt spirit beasts around here."
Zhao nodded. "Then how do we get past it without getting found out?"
Green smiled slightly. "Master doesn't need to worry. Later, we will go straight into the mountains of Forgotten Valley, and then I will go into Montenegro and buy some clothing for you. Since you can use these undead, you'll have to dress like a black mage."
Black mages were actually general terms for those who learned dark magic, poison magic, blood magic, and other attributes that were related to darkness. But even if this world was repulsed by black mages, it still respected power. As long as you had strength, regardless of what abilities, you will be accepted.
The black mages were people that no one wanted to provoke, probably because they might have learned that type of magic for a very dark reason, and their characters were somewhat gloomy. If you mess with them, they might not attack you on the spot, but they will definitely make you pay one day.
If you were asked who had the highest position in this world, some might answer that it was the nobles or the royalty, but it was undeniable that the status of mages was certainly not low. A powerful mage will find courtesy in any empire.
There might have no longer been a Buda clan if they didn't have a powerful mage such as Meirin.
However, even if no one wished to offend a black mage, no one wanted to welcome them. Most people did not wish to get into contact with a black mage. Green wanted to make Zhao look like a black mage as an added protection, since they would stop people from finding out Zhao's identity.
Zhao's understanding of this world was too small, so he didn't argue with Green, and just nodded his head. "You arrange it, Grandpa Green. I've rarely walked outside, so I don't know what to do. I'll listen to you."
Green nodded. What they were doing was related to the survival of the Buda clan. No one could find out their identity while they were selling the radishes, otherwise the Buda clan would be in big trouble.
The Buda clan was hated by the Aksu Empire, who would deliver a merciless blow if they found out about this transaction. It was precisely because of this that Green had to be more careful. Even if he didn't know that Adam was replaced by Zhao, he would do everything he can to not let Zhao be killed.
Since Zhao was going to rule the entire Buda clan, Green wanted him to better understand the world. Green was actually paving the way for Zhao. He knew that his Master was young, but he still hoped that he would grow up. The day that Zhao would become a person that could support the Buda clan, he will be able to feel at ease.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 56 - Not saying Hello
They quickly went into Forgotten Valley. Zhao didn't put away his undead yet, so as to keep up his identity as a black mage; because if they headed to the fortress, no one would bother them when they see a black mage with a summoned undead.
The sides of the valley weren't steep cliffs, but two gentle slopes, which contained shrubs and weeds, and also trees that were much stronger and more vibrant than the ones near his castle.
They didn't see anyone in Forgotten Valley, but occasionally they could hear the sound of insects, giving everything a harmonious nature.
After looking at the hills on both sides, Green turned to Zhao. "Master, once we find a good place to settle on the mountain, you will immediately go into the space, while I go into Montenegro to buy clothes and stuff."
Zhao nodded, and commanded the undead to climb the hill. Although it was just a skeleton, it still had sharp claws, so climbing a mountain wasn't strenuous. Once he was closer to the trees, he could see that they were similar to the ones on Earth. He didn't know much about trees, except for common species like poplar, willow, elm, and pine. He didn't recognize the other trees.
Green, while sitting next to Zhao, was also watching the trees. "Master, the woods are very dangerous. Not only because of spirit beasts, but there are plants that are highly toxic. So be careful."
Zhao nodded. Although he had never been in a forest before, he had read about dangerous scenarios that people had written online. Even in fiction, the forest would be depicted as a dangerous place. And since there were spirit beasts here, he had to be even more careful.
There was a lot of vegetation on the mountain. You could see a variety of trees everywhere, to the point where the light would get dim when you walked through the woods. It took them awhile, but they were finally able to find a secluded place.
They jumped off of Alien, and then Zhao and Green followed it into the space.
Inside the space, the corn were growing strong, the oil fruit trees were healthy, and Meirin was teaching the slaves to read and write.
But besides just reading and writing like last time, Zhao had brought the mined stones with him so Ann and some slaves could try to make a mill stone. Also, he had brought a lot of weeds into the space as well, to give the other slaves something to do. Moreover, the effect was surprisingly good. There were simply no problems for the slaves since they could now work, as well as rest.
Meirin saw the two come in, so she quickly greeted them and said, "Master, Green, how come you're here? Did anything happen?"
"Nothing happened," Green said. "We just finally made it to Forgotten Valley. Let the young master stay in the space for a few days, while I go out there to get some clothes from Montenegro."
Meirin understood what Green was doing. "Well, make haste. We'll be here waiting for you to return. And remember our position so you can find your way back."
Meirin was in a good mood these days. The Buda clan was about to receive an income for the first time since they were exiled. Although they haven't received the money yet, it still represented hope.
Zhao turned to Green. "Be careful, Grandpa Green. Our identity cannot be exposed, otherwise we will suffer. Remember that selling the radishes now doesn't matter; we can just wait for some other time if you run into trouble. Your safety is the most important."
A hint of a warm smile appeared on Green's face. He patted Zhao's shoulder. "Master doesn't need to worry. My bones may be old, but I can't bear to die before seeing the revival of the Buda clan." He finished his words with a laugh.
Before, Green would have never acted so friendly with Zhao, because he wasn't close to Adam. Green thought that Adam was very annoying, so how could he be so friendly towards him.
But now Adam's body was filled with Zhao's soul. Zhao was an otaku, an orphan, and he was born in China, which respected the elderly. Although Green and Meirin were his servants, ever since he woke up, they have been taking care of him, which resulted in a strong bond with his beloved elders.
This change in Zhao was felt by Meirin and Green. It was because of this change that Green could be so friendly with Zhao, otherwise it would have been impossible to get along with him.
Zhao let Green pat his shoulder, just feeling the elder's love, but he didn't say anything because he was very subtle and didn't like to put on an excessive show of feelings. He simply nodded and said, "Grandpa Green, I'll send you out." With a thought, Green left the space.
Green memorized his surroundings and left a mark, then he rushed towards Montenegro.
Green looked like an old traveler, so he didn't face any scruples when he encountered some adventurers. Those ordinary adventurers didn't pay attention to the Buda clan. After all, the great nobles didn't seem to see the Buda clan as a threat, so they didn't hire out any of these risk takers to deal with such a declining clan. Plus, they also didn't want to anger Green and Meirin, who were strong characters.
The real threat to the Buda clan was none other than the Purcell clan. The previous relationship with the two clans was good, even preparing their children for marriage, but since the fall of the Buda clan, the Purcell clan never mentioned the marriage again.
Aristocratic marriages weren't about love. The Purcell clan was only interested in the marriage with the Buda clan to gain some benefits.
But now that the Buda clan was down, the Purcell clan deemed that there was no value in honoring the marriage agreement. However, they still needed to save face.
Even though the Buda clan was now weak, if the Purcell clan dissolved the marriage that was their idea in the first place, then their clan would damage their reputation among the aristocratic circles. The Purcell clan wouldn't do such an idiotic thing.
There were only two ways to get rid of the marriage agreement.
The first way was for the Buda clan to initiate the dissolution of the marriage. Everyone knows that the Purcell clan was the one to offer the marriage, but if the Buda clan was the one to give it up, then the Purcell clan could possibly save face.
The other way was even simpler. Kill Adam Buda, and let the Buda clan die. Obviously, there wouldn't be a marriage after that.
In fact, Green had thought of releasing the marriage from the Purcell clan, but at the time, Zhao hadn't woken up yet. But when the Buda clan needed help the most, the Purcell clan chose not to aid them, even though they had the power to do so. It was precisely because of this that Green felt some resentment towards the Purcell clan, so he decided not to dissolve Zhao's marriage, just because the Purcell clan didn't help them, and let them fall to this point without even greeting them with a hello.
Green understood a noble's problems with saving face, so he will not take the initiative to dissolve the marriage with the Purcell clan, even if they were to pressure his Buda clan.
Still, Green had to be very careful, because the only way out of the Black Waste was the entrance to the Purcell Duchy. Since they were a thorn to the Purcell clan, the Purcell clan would obviously pay attention to their movements, so he had to be careful.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 57 - Montenegro Fortress
Standing quietly at the exit of Forgotten Valley was a fortress. The fortress was made of black stone, with walls reaching an appalling height of forty meters, and a length that completely blocked the valley.
The whole fortress was like an iron wall. If you want to get past the valley, you will have to go through Montenegro.
But when you actually get closer to Montenegro Fortress, you realize that it’s not actually as mighty as you imagined. In fact, with its damaged walls, the entire fortress looked shabby, as if it had not been repaired in a long time.
This was true. The Purcell clan had built this fortress to prevent any carrion swamp spirit beasts from going through the Forgotten Valley and into the Purcell Duchy. But although the fortress has been established for hundreds of years, there have just been no activities of spirit beasts charging in from the Black Waste, which made this fortress become neglected. Although there were some troops here, they were more for protecting the peace and order of this place.
But even if Montenegro Fortress had no garrison, no one dared to underestimate the fighting strength here, because there were numerous adventurers and mercenaries.
However, with the existence of these people, the security of Montenegro Fortress became confusing. The city defense officials had to deal with adventurers, mercenaries, and even some rebellious guys that would even try to injure a child with knives. In the face of such a group of barbarians, the official defense forces were too weak.
Because of this, the defense forces of Montenegro finally evolved into several large mercenary groups and local merchants having their own site, and deciding not to infringe on each other, which resulted in a peaceful coexistence.
Of course, in this case, the Purcell Duchy can't even think of receiving any taxes, and because of this non-collection of taxes, the Duchy doesn't give them any money to repair the walls, so slowly Montenegro became a paradise for mercenaries, adventurers, and even fugitives.
This was also a side effect from the situation in the Black Waste. Since that wasteland was a place of death, Montenegro Fortress became one of the safest towns from outside forces, because it was surrounded by mountains and no enemies. Such a place should have been an important border town, but because there was no trade and the Purcell Duchy couldn't collect taxes, this place was forgotten.
For Green, Montenegro was an undefended fortress.
Of course, he wouldn't just go swaggering into the main entrance, but he could easily sneak over the walls.
Montenegro had a very abnormal commercial development. Weapon stores, drug stores, and equipment consultations were everywhere, but pubs, hotels, restaurants, and a place to buy consumer goods were difficult to find. The whole fortress was full of adventurers and mercenaries, so the number of ordinary people was very small.
This wasn't a concern for Green. He found a remote equipment store and bought five black magic robes, along with a hat and a wooden staff. He also bought for himself a very beautiful suit of armor. Although it wasn't as good as most decent armors, it still had the most important part he needed: a helmet that could hide Green's entire face.
Naturally, the magic robes were for Zhao. With these robes and staff, Zhao could dress up as a black mage. After all, it wasn't odd for black mages to wear something that wrapped up their whole body.
You should know that magic robes have been improved over many generations in this Continent. They were particularly more comfortable to wear, but also more beautiful, especially the ones worn by female mages, to the point that the gorgeous robes looked like a dress. Compared to the ones generally worn by mages, Green bought a black mage robe that was very thick, along with a large hat that could entirely block someone's face.
As for Green's set of armor that would cover his face, he wanted to dress as a follower of a mage. Mages were high status people, and under normal circumstances they wouldn't be short on money. Although mages weren't afraid of melee combat, they would still have followers with them, and make those followers fight and help them in battle.
Therefore, on the Continent, if you see a mage around, it wasn't strange to see them with a bunch of followers.
This time, Green was going to dress up as a warrior that was following a mage, which was the only way to stand by Zhao's side without being suspected.
After buying these things, Green then bought some mercenary items, including a backpack.
Backpacks were the standard equipment for mercenaries and adventurers. Because they would often go out into the field, they would prepare a lot of stuff that corresponded to their different tasks, such as food, gathering loot, finding a place to make camp, and a lot of other things. This was how a mercenary backpack came into being.
Green mainly bought these things to not let people discover the secret of Zhao's space. He wasn't worried about passing through Montenegro, since this was a place where people simply didn't care about anything other than themselves, and the Purcell clan didn't flaunt their power here. However, getting into other places might not be as smooth. With the exception of Montenegro, the Purcell clan had very good control of their territory.
Green would like to buy more things, but he didn't have the money on hand. Although he got the orders for the radishes, do not forget that he hasn't actually sold them yet. So he could only buy some essentials.
Without wearing the shiny silver armor that blatantly hid his face, Green looked like an ordinary adventurer, which made him blend in perfectly. There were hundreds of those risk takers here, so no one paid attention to him. Still, he had to be careful to not be observed when walking into the mountains. He walked in a roundabout way until he was sure that no one was following him, then he went to the place where he made the mark. Suddenly, the space hole appeared. After Green stepped into the space, the hole disappeared. Everything was quiet.
Zhao had been paying attention to what was happening outside the space. Do not forget that he could see in a range up to one hundred meters, so he was able to find Green when he returned.
Seeing Green holding a big backpack, Zhao froze for a moment, because this backpack looked a lot like those mountaineering bags back on Earth. Even though it wasn't made of the same materials, the quality wasn't as fine, and there were no zippers, it still looked like a mountaineering bag.
Zhao was puzzled as he pointed at the backpack. "Grandpa Green, why did you buy this thing?"
Green smiled. "Well, we don't actually need it, but this thing could mask the presence of the space as we're traveling around."
Zhao immediately understood what Green meant, and nodded his head. "Yes, I didn't think of that."
Green then took out a magic staff and handed it to Zhao. "This is something for a mage. I chose this one because of how light it is, so Master doesn't need a lot of strength to wield it. And in this backpack are the robes that Master should put on."
Zhao held the staff and the backpack. He didn't know what kind of wood this staff was made of, but it was as light as bamboo. However, he didn't continue to study the magic staff as he took the backpack into the hut.
In the beginning, Zhao had been wearing aristocratic clothes that had been prepared for him, but although they were beautiful, they were still very inconvenient. For example, the lower half was like the Western medieval tights back on Earth, which really affected his range of movements. Meirin knew this, so she hadn't objected when Zhao started wearing the clothes of a warrior, much like Green's. Naturally, they were very loose and convenient, and easy to move around in.
Now it was time to put on the black robe.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 58 - Sly Smile
Zhao silently looked at the black robe in his hands. He didn't know what it was made of, but it was very thick, with good craftsmanship. However, what he most noted was that the style of the robe looked like something a villain from a TV show would wear.
As for the hat that he was carrying, it was a big hat. The most important thing about it was that it would cover his face so people couldn't see the his appearance.
All of this was perfect for disguising himself as a black mage.
Zhao wore the robe over his warrior clothes. The black robe was very large and thick, not to mention he didn't feel cold after wearing it, and the cloth of the robe was quite soft, so it was comfortable to wear. He couldn't help but nod with satisfaction. Once he put on his hat, he then picked up his magic staff and walked out of the hut.
When Green saw Zhao coming out of the door, he discovered that the robe really suited Zhao. Wearing it really did make Zhao look like a black mage. That was because Zhao had a peculiar temperament that made him seem out of tune with the world. If you didn't pay attention to him, you wouldn't feel his presence, as if he was an invisible man.
In fact, Zhao's temperament was simply because he was an otaku from his past life. Otakus generally were less likely to communicate with other people and naturally they were very good at hiding their presence. They would always put themselves in a place where people didn't pay attention so that no one would notice them. And then they would sit there, watching the world.
In his past life, Zhao had such an experience. One time, he went out with his work friends. They went out to dinner and then to a hotel, but it was only when they went up to their rooms that everyone finally noticed him. "You were invited?" they all asked, surprised.
Being asked that by his friends, Zhao didn't know what to do, because even though he had accompanied them, they completely forgot about him. It was like being a pebble on the road.
It was precisely because of this temperament that made the black robe look appropriate on Zhao. It seemed like he was out of tune with the world, so you could easily ignore his presence, which was right for a black mage.
Everyone was looking at Zhao, while Green couldn't help but be surprised as he picked up the hat. "How very strange," Green said.
Zhao took the hat back from Green, and then wore it again. His body temperament suddenly changed, as if he was about to disappear.
This change, if you didn't personally see it, you wouldn't believe it. But everyone was happy about this. If Zhao wore the robe, he would look like a black mage. If he took it off, no one would think that he and the black mage were one and the same person. This was very convenient in hiding Zhao's identity.
Green shook his head. "I never would have thought that such clothes would be so suitable for the young master. Meg will also dress up too. She will follow you as a maid. If you go out, she can protect you, and no one would suspect anything when a maid follows a black mage."
Zhao looked at Meg. To be honest, although he wanted to see that side of her, his heart felt uncomfortable so he was a little afraid to face Meg.
Green then added, "Originally, I wanted Blockhead and Rockhead to follow you, but if those two fools worked together, then they would probably stand out too much and arouse suspicion."
Zhao didn't really think so. But since Green didn't want Blockhead and Rockhead to follow them outside, he had to give up.
Just then, Meg suddenly spoke up. "Master, do you not want me to go with you?"
Zhao was surprised as he turned around to look at Meg. He found that her eyes looked tearful, delicate, and charming to the point that would make people speechless. "No, that's not it," Zhao quickly said. "You can follow me." He then turned around again, afraid to look at Meg. When he turned his head back, he saw that she had a sly smile on her face.
Meg discovered that Zhao seemed to be a little afraid of her. Under normal circumstances, she would have not gone along with him, but now she wanted to see if Zhao cared about her. Turns out that he did care.
Men thought that girls would never understand if a guy cares about her or not, but just one look told her that Zhao did. Meg couldn't help but laugh when Zhao seemed to be afraid of her. Now she felt like teasing Zhao. But since Green and Meirin were standing next to her, she wouldn't.
Green couldn't help but stare at Meg, who lowered her head and then turned and ran off. "I have to go pack up some things," she said.
Meirin and Green didn't object when they realized that Meg was interested in Zhao. If it was in the past, they wouldn't have let Zhao get close to Meg, but now they didn't oppose it.
Green then turned to Zhao. "Master, you had better put up the screen so that Meirin could keep an eye outside, so that Meirin could be on alert for us, even if we were resting. If I were to leave, and if Meg wasn't at your side, you could always ask Meirin to help you."
Zhao thought there was no need for that, but he agreed nonetheless. However, he felt uncomfortable about it. If he allowed Meirin to use the screen, she would have to watch them twenty four hours a day, and he really felt bad about that. However, he still did it. Since they were outside the Black Waste, they needed the extra insurance.
Even though he had Adam's memories, from birth to now, Adam has never left the capital of the Aksu Empire, so he didn't know much about the outside world. In this case, Zhao didn't know anything about the situation out there, so he had to do things according to Green's advice.
Later, he put the screen up for Meirin. Meg was also finished packing, holding a bag while dressed as a maid. It must be said that Meg looked really beautiful in a maid outfit. She looked so gentle that people couldn't help but feel a desire to protect her.
After trying not to stare at Meg, Zhao turned to Meirin and said, "Grandma Meirin, if there's anything you need, you can just knock on the screen. I'll be listening."
Meirin nodded. "Master, you can rest assured. But you also have to be careful."
Zhao also nodded his head. Then with a thought, Zhao, Green, and Meg appeared in the woods.
Green took a look around, and then he said to Zhao, "Master, call out your undead. Then we will head off to Montenegro Fortress." Green smiled. "If it was any other city, when we have a summoned undead, people would think that we were attacking the city. But here is Montenegro. There's no reason to attack it. If we get past the city while sitting on an undead, it would reduce a lot of trouble because no one would bother us."
Zhao was puzzled. "But I'm wearing the robe of a black mage. Isn't that enough to stop them from bothering us?"
"That place isn't the same as other cities. It doesn't have that many mages, so many people would try to impersonate a black mage. Everyone in the Continent knows that black mages aren't to be trifled with. So often times someone would pose as a black mage to commit a robbery and extort things off of adventurers. If we don't take out an undead, people may not think that you're really a black mage."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 59 - Mercenaries and Adventurers
Zhao really didn't know there were people in this world that would impersonate black mages. He didn't think that someone in Montenegro would dare to pose as one. It was a strange place.
Green apparently saw Zhao's puzzled look, and he smiled. "There's nothing to be surprised about. Those audacious mercenaries and adventurers in this paradise have nothing that they wouldn't dare to do."
Zhao nodded. "Well, I'll listen to you. Let's go," he said as he summoned his undead.
Green put on the shiny body armor, even though he didn't actually need it for protection. As powerful a warrior as Green was, if he was someone that needed to rely on something to protect his own safety, he would have already lost the battle.
Meg, in her maid outfit, sat quietly on Alien, next to Zhao. She had seen Zhao sit on Alien before, but she had never personally got on herself, so she was curious about what it was like. She soon discovered that sitting on the undead was not very comfortable. Although there were planks covered with blankets to sit on, it still felt hard and there wasn't that much room.
Even though the undead reached a staggering ten meters long, most of it was from its tail, which measured about five meters, half the size of its entire body. Plus with a two meter long head, the main part of its body was a mere three meters. Green wasn't sitting with the two because he was on Alien's skull, and although the skull was a small area, with his skill, Green could stand or sit and even sleep with no problems. Alien naturally couldn't feel anything, so it didn't mind that someone was riding on its head.
The three slowly left the woods and were back in Forgotten Valley. They still didn't see any people yet, but Zhao didn't care as he directed the undead to walk straight towards Montenegro.
It wasn't very far, only taking about half an hour before they saw the distant walls and people by the gates. Zhao commanded the undead to keep going because of what Green told him. If they sat on Alien as they entered Montenegro Fortress, no one would dare to offend them. No one in this Continent wanted to mess with black mages.
While sitting on the undead's back, they swaggered towards Montenegro Fortress, and within five minutes, they ran into a group of mercenaries that was made up of five people. Each person, while carrying a backpack, was surprised as they looked with uncertainty at Zhao. When they saw the huge undead, they immediately stepped aside to the side of the road. It was as Green said. These people wouldn't dare to touch a black mage, especially one that could summon such a powerful undead.
It seemed like Zhao's head didn't move, but his eyes were looking over the mercenaries. They were wearing simple leather armor, each armed with weapons, and carrying a backpack. The guy in front was carrying a bow, a knife on his waist, and he had a body that was very thin, with long hands and feet. He seemed like a very agile guy. The second guy was holding a double-edged axe, and with a single glance you could tell that its weight wasn't light. Underneath his relatively thick leather armor, he looked like a powerful warrior with dark skin wrapping around iron-like muscles.
The third guy was dressed like an orthodox adventurer. He wore a leather helmet and thick boots along with his armor, while a cloak swayed from behind him. Plus he was carrying a large sword. The two people following behind that guy seemed to be brothers, who looked alike, but were not twins. They were very fat. One of them was stuffing his mouth with chicken feet, like he hasn't eaten in the past few days.
Although Zhao was watching them, with the large hat hiding his face, it looked like his head didn't move. Those five people thought that Zhao's eyes were focused straight towards the front, so they didn't notice him looking at them.
There were often people who posed as black mages in Montenegro Fortress, but to see such an undead, nobody suspected that Zhao was a fake. It would be impossible for a fake black mage to summon an undead spirit beast.
Soon Alien left those five people behind, and Zhao turned his eyes back towards the front. To be honest, this was the first time he saw actual mercenaries, so he was very curious. But even if Zhao got a first impression from those five individuals' characteristics, he still couldn't tell how strong they were.
Just then, Green spoke up. "Master, those five people coming out of Montenegro Fortress is part of a famous mercenary group called Kui Snake. The strength of those five are good, with the axe guy and sword guy already at the peak of a sixth level warrior."
Zhao was surprised. He thought that those people were so powerful. Peak of a sixth level warrior? So they were stronger than Blockhead and Rockhead? It seems like there were a lot of experts in this world.
Along the way, the three encountered a lot of adventurers and mercenaries. Some were dressed in leather armor similar to those previous five, while others were more mixed. Some of the adventurers didn't even wear leather armor, and instead just wore plain warrior clothes. A few didn't even have backpacks.
After these mercenaries and adventurers saw Zhao, they invariably got out of the way. Even if their strength was good, they weren't willing to get into a conflict with a black mage.
While sitting on an undead, under the eyes of everybody, Zhao swaggered into Montenegro Fortress. Even the guards that were standing in front of the gates did not dare to intercept them. Although they were supposed to guard the fortress, they weren't that big of a force, so naturally they wouldn't dare to touch a black mage.
According to Green's directions, the three stopped in front of a luxurious hotel. Zhao looked up at the hotel and found a sign that had a Bana symbol.
The three got off the undead. Green picked up the backpack, while Meg picked up her own bags. Zhao had nothing to hold but a magic staff, which he waved around and returned the undead back into his space.
The stewards of the hotel looked outside at the black mage. They didn't want to go out and meet him, but they were also afraid of angering the mage, so one unlucky guy had to bite the bullet and go out. He had a smile on his face as he greeted Zhao. "Welcome, distinguish mage. I'm sure you must have taken a long journey to Montenegro Fortress. In our upscale hotel, we can provide you with hot water twenty four hours a day so you can wash away your fatigue."
Zhao didn't say anything. He just gave a wave, and Green immediately stood in front of the steward. "Two of your best rooms. Have hot water ready, and bring a good meal to our rooms."
They were then escorted into the hotel. It was good that he and Green had discussed it beforehand, for Zhao to not speak as much as possible and to make it look like he was ordering Green do all the talking. Not only would this make Zhao seem mystical, but it would also prevent people from finding out Zhao's age from his voice.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 60 - Fat Boss
In the Continent, under normal circumstances, the strength of a mage was directly proportional to their age. It was different for a warrior. All a young warrior needed to do was to toughen their bones and grow in strength with training under the guidance of adults.
Martial arts practice was not easy. The training had high strength requirements. But to become a mage was a lot more difficult. As children, they will be sent to designated locations to check if they have the talent for magic. If there was any, they would focus on training as a mage. If not, they would go back home to try to become a warrior.
The age requirement to become a mage was very strict. If you were younger than twelve years old, then you couldn't practice magic. After so many years of research, the people in the Continent discovered that if a person was twelve and under, then they didn't have the mental strength to learn magic. It was because one so young would have unstable spiritual power, which might cause them to become brain dead or result in death if they tried to practice magic.
It was precisely because of this reason that the age of a powerful mage would often times not be young. Meg, who had already become a sixth level mage, could definitely be considered a genius.
Very few people in the Continent knew about Meg's strength, which was strictly confidential. Even only a few of the Buda clan knew about it. That was because Meg was strong for her age. If word got out, it would only result in two things. They would either try to control Meg, or try to kill her. These two results were something the Buda clan didn't want to see.
Mages tended to live a lot longer than warriors. A warrior, even an eighth level one, generally could live up to two hundred years. But an eighth level mage can reach two hundred and fifty years of age. Because of this, advanced mages were very important to the Continent. They could protect the Continent for at least a hundred years or so.
On Earth, a king of a feudal country, even if it was a long lived one, could only rule the country for a couple of years. But it wasn't the same here in the Ark Continent. On average, the king of an empire would rule for a hundred years or so. A short lived king would be someone who only ruled for a few decades. And it was for this reason that, even after so many years, the Continent's development wasn't very fast. They didn't invent new machines and technology, and just stayed as a society that used slaves.
It was precisely because of this that Green wouldn't let Zhao speak, especially to a person that would scrutinize other people. As long as he heard someone speak, he could tell their age.
The steward led Zhao into the hotel, which was very well decorated. Beyond the door was a hallway about forty feet long, and from the top hung magic lamps. Even though it was still day, the magic lamps were lit. Facing the entrance was a large bar where two beautiful waitresses and a fat man were standing respectfully. This man was wearing nice silk clothes and on his chest was pinned with a badge that had the Bana symbol. He seemed to be the boss of this hotel.
When the boss saw Zhao come in, he immediately moved towards him and stopped three steps in front of Zhao, then greeted him with a bow. "Welcome, sir mage. You have brought honor to our hotel with your presence. Please stay here and rest, and we will immediately bring you some tea."
Zhao didn't say anything. He turned and walked to the side, then sat down on the sofa that was specifically placed there as a temporary place to rest. The moment he sat down, a waitress came over with a pot of tea and a cup, which she placed down on the coffee table in front of Zhao. He helped himself to it, then gently waved for Meg to stand beside him. With his black robe, the fact that he hadn't spoken, and just made small movements to command Green and Meg, Zhao seemed very impressive.
The boss of this hotel had been paying attention to Zhao. Feeling Zhao's peculiar temperament, his eyes couldn't help but shrink, but the smile on his face didn't change as he soon stood in front of Zhao, and bowed. "Dear Mr. Mage, your room has been arranged on the third floor. Please come with me."
Zhao nodded and stood up. He went along with the boss to the third floor, which wasn't the same as the first or second floors. The third floor had no halls, since there wasn't a need for one when there were so few rooms.
The fat boss led them to room 601 and personally opened the door. Zhao and his group went inside, while the boss stood outside the door. "Dear Mr. Mage, if you need anything, all you have to do is ring this bell to summon someone. Your food will be here shortly. This room has five bedrooms, enough for you and your followers to live in. If it's not to your liking, then I can arrange another room for you."
Zhao said nothing as he looked around the room, but Green understood what he meant, so he immediately turned to the fat boss. "We are very satisfied with this arrangement."
Fat boss immediately bowed. "It is an honor to serve such a great mage. Now please allow me to take my leave." He respectfully closed the door, then left.
With the fat boss gone, Zhao let out a breath and took off his hat. "I didn't expect that these clothes would work so well. That boss was really respectful."
Green also took off his helmet. "Master, you're too naive. That boss just did it out of habit. He's a professional. You may not know this, but this hotel is owned by the Markey clan. That fat boss is one of the Markey's intelligence agents. I believe that before long, the Markey clan will know about us."
Zhao was surprised. "This place is owned by the Markey clan? Grandpa Green, why are we staying here?"
Green smiled slightly. "Sometimes, Master, being low key is not a good thing. Since you can summon an undead, you can actually impersonate a black mage, so they would think we're suspicious if we're not blatantly swaggering around. Plus, this would make everyone doubt that we're from the Buda clan, because no one thinks that we would have the courage to do this."
"I really didn't think that we would actually inform the Markey clan about us in such a place. Grandpa Green, how did you know that this hotel was owned by the Markey clan?"
"It's not a secret. Outside the hotel is a sign that has a Bana symbol, which is the badge of the Markey clan. With the strength of their clan, no one in the Continent would come here to make trouble. We do not need to worry about anyone when we stay here," Green said. "Plus there are a lot of spirit beasts in the mountains. So you could find a lot of useful things here and get them at a very cheap price, so why wouldn't the Markey open a business here?"
Zhao nodded. He had learned from that miscellaneous book that a lot of things on the Continent were made out of materials that came from spirit beasts. Along with their powerful bodies, a lot of spirit beasts had magical properties, which were very useful for alchemists and pharmacists to refine. Those mercenaries and adventurers rely on hunting those spirit beasts to make a living.
However, Zhao was still somewhat puzzled, because from looking at the miscellaneous book, he knew that there weren't any adventurer guild organizations, which you would often see in web novels. "Grandpa Green, where can the adventurers get a task? Or is hunting spirit beasts all they do?"
"Of course not," Green said. "In fact, adventurers can receive a task from equipment shops, hotels, and pubs, which gets them from the big cities. Even if the task is not suitable, they could just go somewhere else to look for one. For example, whenever the Markey Company needed something, they could just share the task with their branches throughout the entire Continent, like the one here in Montenegro Fortress. If they administer any tasks, it would be simple to send a message and get it to an adventurer by tomorrow."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 61 - Strange Combination
Was it simple? In fact, it wasn't that simple. How could it be so simple to pass messages so quickly throughout the Continent? Do not forget, here in the Ark Continent, they didn't go through an Information Age. There were no mobiles phones or Internet like back on Earth.
However, the Markey Company could do this, proving their strength in the Ark Continent. Even an entire Empire wouldn't be willing to provoke them.
Quietly listening to Green, Zhao found that he had really underestimated this world. Although it wasn't technologically advanced, they have developed in a unique way. His understanding of this world was too shallow.
Green smiled. "Master, no matter where you go, a black mage will be noticed. Especially when we appeared in Montenegro Fortress from the mountains. Of course, they would pay attention to something like that."
Zhao nodded. "Then we leave tomorrow?"
"Yes, we will leave tomorrow, Master. To be honest, if you want to stay a few nights here, then I'm afraid that we really can't afford it."
Zhao couldn't help but smile. Money was really a problem. What would an outsider think about when they saw them. It should look like they were spending a big windfall, but all they had was a broken territory, along with a hundred people to feed, and not to mention the occasional attacks from the spirit beasts. Even though they had a cheat, they were still so poor that they couldn't afford to stay long at a hotel.
Green, thinking that Zhao would  feel sad about the current situation, hastened to comfort him. "Master, when we sell the radishes, we'll make money. You don't need to be sad."
Zhao didn't explain to Green why he had smiled. "I'm fine. Later, when we leave this hotel, we should find a place outside the city, and then go rest in the space."
Green nodded. "Yes, but we still need to stay here today to get the Markey clan's attention."
Zhao nodded too as he looked around the suit. It really wasn't a small lodging, with a living room, five bedrooms, and a bathroom, it was very comfortable.
Just then, there was a knock at the door. Green quickly stood up and opened it. A waiter was outside, and in his hands was a large tray. There was some bread and three plates of delicious dishes.
Green took the plates, then gave the waiter a tip and sent him away. Little did he know of what happened after he closed the door; the waiter went downstairs and immediately went to a very secluded room, then knocked on the door. The fat boss's voice from inside, "Come in."
The waiter pushed open the door and went in. It was a bedroom with very simple furnishings, just a bed with a small table and a chair. The fat boss was sitting in the chair, holding a pen, ready to write.
Even though he heard the sound at the door, he didn't look up. "What did you find?"
The waiter stood respectfully. "It may be simple to find out their identities. They are likely from noble birth, but life shouldn't be too good for them right now. I just sent them some ordinary food, but they didn't say anything about it. And naturally they gave me a tip, although it wasn't very much."
The waiter had deliberately sent some food that wasn't of the best quality, just to try to find out the identity of Zhao. Based on their reactions, he tried to determine Zhao's status.
In the Continent, only the nobility would tip a waiter. Under normal circumstances, even businessmen wouldn't give waiters a tip, so from that point he judged that Zhao may be of nobility. The aristocratic requirements for food and drink were very high, but Zhao didn't make any demands. Plus, they only tipped a few copper coins. The waiter believed that Zhao didn't live very well.
But despite knowing all of this, the fat boss really had no way to determine their identity.
Finally, the fat boss wrote everything down, and then he opened up a secret door that led to a secret room behind his bedroom. In the secret room was a row of cages, with each cage holding a bird-like spirit beast? This spirit beast was called a wind falcon. It was a fast flying spirit beast, and after some training, it was usually used as a messenger.
The fat boss first fed the wind falcon some meat, then he carefully rolled up the written information into a small bamboo and attached it the falcon's claws. Then he sent out the falcon to fly.
The Markey clan was so big that they naturally wouldn't care about every little thing of note, but the appearance of this black mage was too sudden, so the fat boss had to message them about it.
For people, a black mage represented danger, darkness, and other negative words. As long as there was a black mage somewhere, they would be noted down without trying to offend them. That was why the fat boss was paying attention to Zhao. Though he was doing these things earlier than Green expected. But when Zhao posed as a black mage, this effect was what they wanted. With such a high profile act, naturally, no one would think that they were the Buda clan, so this will make them more secure.
After eating the meal, Zhao and everyone rested. They didn't go wandering around Montenegro Fortress. It must be noted, that Zhao was a black mage, and a black mage couldn't just go around shopping, especially since they were trying to avoid trouble.
Fortunately, Zhao was an otaku who didn't like to go shopping since it gave him a feeling of discomfort. Plus, he was tired and it felt good to rest in such a nice place.
The day passed very calmly, but everyone knew that there was a black mage around.
The next morning, they left Montenegro Fortress. Zhao was sitting on Alien, which left those adventurers feeling very envious. From Montenegro, there were three roads. The left one led to a grain producing area of the Purcell Duchy. The terrain there was very flat, suitable for growing wheat, with a large number of slaves working there.
The road on the right led to a forest, which was the main source of wood for the Purcell Duchy. Under normal circumstances, very few people travel on these two routes, because there was no business to be made there. However, the middle road led to the Purcell Duchy's capital city, known as the Pearl of the North, of the Aksu Empire. It was called Casa city.
They certainly wouldn't go to some grain or wood producing area. Since they were going to sell radishes, they would naturally head to Casa city, which was busy with business.
The next few days, they were on their way. It wasn't like their three day travel through the Black Waste, where they didn't see a single person. Now that they were in the Purcell Duchy, they saw a lot of people as they passed through forests and farmland. But because Zhao's undead looked so mighty, the moment people saw it, they would try to hide. Zhao felt very satisfied. After all, he could finally see some people so it wasn't a boring journey.
Consider this, a huge skeleton with a warrior sitting on its head, and all its body was a black mage, with a sweet beauty sitting next to him. This combination was very strange.
Also, whenever they pass by a small town or city, they always find a place outside the city and then go into the space, which made their movements seem uncertain and hard to track. Just another thing that was mysterious about them.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 62 - Strange Village
-This is a Sponsored Chapter. Thank you to everyone who supported me!
Not only the Markey clan, but lots of clans had established places to gather intelligence throughout the Continent. Big clans would set up an intelligence network in Montenegro Fortress, not to check out military affairs, since not many military events occur here. They established it only for one main purpose: talent!
The aristocracy in the Ark Continent, after thousands of years, naturally was very aware of the importance of talent. For a noble, a powerful warrior would be a great help to them, so those major clans would send intelligence agents to Montenegro where mercenaries and adventurers were concentrated. They had to find potential warriors that could become the strengths of those clans.
It was precisely because of this that, when Zhao appeared in Montenegro Fortress, a lot of large clans had received messages regarding their arrival.
But those people that were tracking Zhao had miscalculated. They did not consider that Zhao would stay out of the towns that he passed, and that he would go into his space and rest at night, so there is no way for those people who were trying to track him find his whereabouts.
With such a performance from Zhao, the people were surer that he was a black mage.
Zhao was not aware of the people that were following him. He was just going at his own pace, his speed not being too fast. Going to Casa City from Montenegro, even with a horse, would take seven days, and Zhao was riding on his undead with a similar speed.
Right now it has only been three days, and in this period of time they have ran into two towns and numerous small villages, which showed that the Purcell Duchy was indeed prosperous.
On the morning of the fourth day, they were going along like usual. It was not the rainy season yet, so going through the dirt road was very smooth. But Zhao felt that something was a little off, but he didn't know what it was.
Seeing Zhao looking puzzled, Meg spoke up, "Ah, Master, it's strange. We've been going for more than two hours, but he still hasn’t seen anyone. At this time of day, there should be a lot of people."
It was as Meg said. Zhao finally realized that after two hours, they haven't met a single person today. No wonder he felt weird, like something was lacking.
"Stop," Zhao said as he felt that something was wrong. The undead immediately stopped. Zhao got up and leaned on its ribs to speak to Green. "Grandpa Green, what has happened? Why didn't we meet any people, after so long?"
"I've noticed, Master. But don't worry, we will move forward. I want to see what happened. It's not a big deal anyway, since Master can just go into the space to hide so nobody can find you."
Zhao didn't think that Green had already noticed that something was amiss. Even if it's a little irresponsible, going forward to find out what happened was a valid reason. There was nothing they could do but to keep moving.
Thinking of this, Zhao nodded. "Well, let's go."
Alien immediately started moving at the same pace as before, it really was moving at a leisurely pace. But Zhao and Meg were tense. They didn't have much experience in these situations. Unlike Green who was calm, they restlessly looked around at the surrounding woods, as if at any time a spirit beast would burst out.
To Zhao's surprise, they walked through the whole morning without encountering a single person.
Passing through a village, they carefully looked around, but no one was there. And to Zhao's surprise, there no signs of being attacked, like all the villagers had simply got out of bed and left. They didn't hear any chickens or even the sound of a dog. Complete silence.
Zhao couldn't help but feel a chill going down his back. This village was too strange.
Green carefully looked through the village for a long time, yet he didn't find anything. His face was gloomy as he turned to Zhao. "Call out Meirin. She might be able to find something."
Zhao immediately called out Meirin from the space. Meirin had been paying attention to the situation outside. Naturally, she knew what was happening, so after she came out, she didn't ask anything and just carefully looked around. She closed her eyes and softly chanted a spell.
A mass of blue light left her body. With the same radiance as the sun, the light flashed for a full five minutes before slowly disappearing.
Meirin slowly opened her eyes. "Master, black magic was used to make some kind of temptation spell. Every living thing in this village was lured away."
Zhao was shocked. "Black magic? You mean there was an actual black mage here?"
Meirin nodded. "Some time has passed, so the magical energy has almost disappeared, but I can be sure that someone was here using black magic."
Zhao's and Green's face fell. They were sure that the reason why they didn't encounter anybody today was related to this thing. They must fix this or they will be implicated. Let’s not forget that, Zhao's identity was a black mage. But there was an actual black mage using black magic. They couldn't hide from this situation. Just like how Meirin discovered the black magic, other mages would be able to do it too. When news of all the missing people spread out, Zhao might fall under suspicion.
Green and Zhao were worried about this black mage. With a temptation spell to lure so many people away, that mage would certainly have nothing good planned, which would bring Zhao no small amount of trouble.
Meirin apparently thought of this too. "Master, you should stop dressing up as a black mage, otherwise it would bring you trouble."
Zhao shook his head. "If I pretend to be someone else, it may make it easier for people to discover our identity, which would make the situation more dangerous. Grandma Meirin, can you sense which direction that black mage brought all those people? Let's see if we can solve this annoying problem. If we can solve it, then that's good. Even if it's not resolved, we still can't let the Purcell clan suspect us."
Such a big thing, it would be impossible for the Purcell clan to not find out about it. But if Zhao was able to find the real killer and handed the guy over to the Purcell clan, naturally they would not be suspicious of him.
Meirin looked at Green, wanting to know if they should go along with Zhao's plan. If Green agrees, she will find the way towards that black mage.
Green nodded. "Well then, let's do it according to the young master. Find that guy and hand him over to the Purcell clan."
Meirin used her magic, but this time it took her a whole ten minutes. After she finished, she pointed in the direction of Casa City. "That way," she said.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 63 - Immortal Mercenary Group
It was strange. Supposedly every day, there would be people coming from Montenegro to Casa city, but today there was not one person going in that direction. Up to now, Zhao hadn't met anybody.
But Zhao didn't know that early in the morning, there was a caravan that passed by them. But when the caravan found that something was wrong, they immediately retreated back to their small town and spread the news to all the merchants. Now that a lot of people knew what was going on, they decided to form a bigger caravan, so they hired a lot of mercenaries from Montenegro.
Zhao didn't know this because he had been feeling tired, so while the caravan had set off bright and early, he had stayed in the space and missed them by two or three hours. It was because of those merchants who blocked anyone from coming in that direction, that no one saw Zhao, which resulted in this strange scene to unfold.
There were a lot of thieves and wild beast attacks on the Continent, so caravans had to be careful. If they find anything wrong, they would immediately go back into the nearest town, and then warn the other caravans from moving on ahead. Zhao didn't know this, and neither did Green, since the Buda clan never owned a caravan before.
Zhao kept them moving forward, where they encountered five more villages with the people gone. These villages were not too big, but if one were to count all the people in the five villages together, there would be a thousand people. But it was not just the people, but all living things were gone.
The more they kept moving, the more they felt scared, not only from the missing people, but also from Meirin feeling the black magical energy growing stronger and stronger.
According to Meirin's estimate, with this temptation spell that could cover so many people, the strength of the black mage must have reached at least the eighth level, same as Meirin. But even if this black mage's strength was on the same level as her, Meirin recognized that if they really fought, she was afraid that she might not really be able to beat the other, because black magic was too strange.
However, Zhao didn't worry too much. Not only did he have Green by his side, but he also had the space which he could go hide in. He didn't believe that anyone could go into the space to kill him.
Their speed didn't accelerate or slow down, and just unhurriedly moved forward, which was a characteristic of Zhao. No matter at what time, he pursued stability while reminding himself to stay calm. That was his motto.
So this time Zhao kept reminding himself to calm down. He always carefully looked around for any situation. Although he couldn't see anything, he still had to be very carefully, and be prepared to deal with any emergency.
Meirin sat on the undead with her eyes closed, along with Green who was sitting on Alien's head, while Zhao sent Meg back into the space.
But to Zhao's surprise, they almost went through a whole day without encountering anything. It was already four in the afternoon, and they have yet to see any people, or did they encounter any attack. Everything was calm, which was eerie.
Zhao was prepared to stop and rest when Meirin suddenly opened her eyes. "Master, you should go back into the space. I have a strong feeling of black magical energy in front of us. It seems like the other party has been prepared."
Surprised, Zhao nodded his head. He knew that he wouldn't be much help, so he stepped into the space. However, he left Alien outside, still carrying Green and Meirin as it walked.
Once inside the space, Zhao immediately went into his hut and watched the screen. It was so strange to watch the outside scene that appeared on the screen, like he was still sitting on the back of the undead.
At that moment, Zhao smacked his head. He really was stupid. As always, he could see up to one hundred meters from the point he entered the space. But if that point could be moved, wouldn't he be able to see more things? Previously, when he came into the space, he didn't put away the undead because he thought that it might be necessary to help Green and Meirin, but he forgot to tell it to stop, so the undead kept moving forward.
He discovered the secret that even though he himself was inside the space, the image of the screen kept on moving, so that point of entry could be moved. There was no need for him to stay outside. Damn, why didn't he think of it before? He could have just let the undead go outside while he hid inside the space.
But right now Zhao wasn't in the mood to keep thinking about it, because he wanted to see the black mage.
Meirin and Green was paying attention to everything in front of them, while the undead unhurriedly moved forward. Meirin sensed that the black magical energy was getting stronger.
Suddenly, they heard the sound of weapons. Green and Meirin knew that they were finally there.
Just then, the undead suddenly stopped. Zhao appeared on the back of the undead from the space and said, "Grandpa Green, Grandma Meirin, get into the space. The undead could still move forward, and we can see everything that's going on."
Green and Meirin were surprised, but they understood what Zhao meant. However, Green still shook his head. "No, Master. We shouldn't go in. If they find out the secret of the space, it would do more harm than good."
Zhao paused for a moment, and then he nodded. "Well, then it'll be necessary for me to stay out. I can release those undead to help, so people would think that I'm a black mage, and they won't discover the secrets of the space."
Green and Meirin frowned. They really didn't want to let Zhao take that risk. But if Zhao went into the space, and then summoned undead, it may expose the secret of the space, which would really put them in a dilemma.
Green thought about it, and then turned to Zhao. "Master, if you want to stay outside, you'd better call Meg out to stay by your side."
Zhao nodded. He found that, as long as he thought about calling people from the space in his head, the people in the space could hear it. Plus if those people wanted to speak to him, as long as they knocked on the screen, he could hear them. Finding this out made Zhao happy, because contacting people in the space was now even more convenient.
After Meg was called out, she immediately sat down next to Zhao and carefully looked around, ready to protect him. Zhao commanded the undead to move forward, but to be more careful this time, Green stood up, ready to fight.
They walked for a thousand meters before encountering a small slope. Zhao finally saw what was happening in front of them on that slope. A large group of undead was sieging a caravan. Seeing the Bana symbol on its banner, it turned out to be a caravan belonging to the Markey clan.
Green noticed that there was a flag stuck to the ground next to the slope. The flag was black with a white skull painted on it. Zhao thought that it was similar to a pirate’s flag back on Earth. When Green saw that flag, his face couldn't help but change. Because the flag reminded him of an organization. On the Continent, there was a notorious group of mercenaries: The Immortal mercenary group.
The Immortal mercenary group was one of the Continent's most powerful mercenary groups, but it was also one of the smallest, since the core of the group only had eight people!
In general, only having eight people wouldn't be called a mercenary group. It was more like a small adventurer group. But this team of eight people was called a mercenary group on the Continent because these eight practiced black magic!
This mercenary group had existed for decades. In that time, they had received a total of a thousand requests, of which five hundred of them resulted in killing the owner and robbing their goods. Later, no one dared to ask them to do a task, which made the group turn into thieves.
Every time they acted, all the nearby people would be killed and then turned into undead, and then they would use those undead to attack their targets. This method could be described as extremely cruel. Nobody on the Continent knew how to deal with them. One time, the Immortal mercenary group actually moved against the business of the Xinya clan, who sent some experts to fight back. The result was that out of the eight men from the Immortal mercenary group, seven of them died, and the last one was seriously injured.
Originally, everyone in the Continent thought that the Immortal mercenary group would disappear, but instead they did something crazy.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 64 - Releasing Them
-This chapter was sponsored by Jason A. Thanks!!!
Just when everyone thought that there would be no more Immortal mercenary group, the last black mage of their group used the last of his vitality to multiply his magic power by ten times, then turned the other seven black mages into high-level undead. On his death bed, he commanded the seven undead to use their black magic to make him become an undead too.
Generally, when a person becomes an undead, they would be a low-level one with low wisdom and strength. But under the power of a powerful black mage, they would retain their fighting strength and high intelligence, plus they would be a free undead, not enslaved with any constraints to anyone.
Of course, for a black mage to make a high-level undead, it would require very powerful magic. The most important part was to pay with your own vitality. Even if it was a powerful eighth level black mage, his life would come to an end when making such an attempt, so generally black mages didn't make high undead.
That black mage was seriously injured. He was a dying man, so he wasn't afraid of wasting his vitality to stimulate his magic. Once he finished creating those seven undead black mages, with his dying breath he gave them orders to bring him back as an undead.
The plan was too crazy. Those seven undead black mages were free, so it was hard to say whether they would listen to him or not. Even if his plan succeeded, the seven might have become high-level undead, but from now henceforth he would just become an average undead that couldn't eat, sleep, or enjoy any of the human pleasures. Was it really worth it?
A mercenary group consisting of eight undead black mages has become the Continent's most notorious gang of thieves. Even the large clans were terrified of them. In their opinion, if the people in that mercenary group wanted to become undead, then they were lunatics.
It was because of this that nobody wanted to offend the Immortal mercenary group.
Green had naturally heard of this mercenary group, which was precisely why he made an ugly face when he saw that flag. To be honest, he didn't want to offend the Immortal mercenary group. It might bring disastrous consequences to the Buda clan.
The flag that had been inserted into the ground was to tell any passing people that their group was working, so it was best not to make trouble, otherwise they would make an enemy out of the Immortal mercenary group.
Green turned to Zhao. "Master, we have to go back. I have something to tell you."
Zhao was looking at the battle, but he nodded at what Green said and pulled the undead back. They quietly withdrew from the slope, and no one on the battlefield noticed them. After stepping down from the hillside, Green pointed to the woods, and Zhao directed the undead that way. In the woods, they found a secluded place, and then everyone went into the space.
Once in the space, Green took everyone into the hut and told them what he knew about the Immortal mercenary group.
Meirin already had some understanding of this mercenary group, but Blockhead, Rockhead, and Meg didn't know them at all since they grew up in the capital and have never left it.
Zhao calmly listened to Green. He never thought that the Immortal mercenary group would be crazy enough to turn all eight into undead. After Green finished, Zhao stood up and touched his forehead, then he pounded on the table and murmured. "Let's fight."
They all looked puzzled at Zhao, who turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, you said that the eight people of the Immortal mercenary group have become undead?"
Green nodded, which caused Zhao to laugh. "Do you remember what happens after I bring an undead into the space?"
Hearing what Zhao said, Green was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes brightened. He also pounded the table. "Yes! They become loyal to us."
Meirin also reacted to this news. She certainly understood what Zhao meant. They had brought over a thousand undead into the space, without exception, they have all become loyal. The eight individuals of the Immortal mercenary group were also undead, so wasn't it also possible to catch them in the space and make them to loyal too?
Meirin couldn't help but feel excited. Although they caught many undead, most of them were animals, with a few that had human form. But those were just low-leveled, so those human undead naturally had no wisdom and couldn't be of much help.
But the undead black mages of the Immortal mercenary group were different. They were high-leveled undead, with high intelligence that also maintained a lifetime of knowledge. If they could help the Buda clan, then that would be of great help to them.
Right now the Buda clan lacked a force. If they could rein in the Immortal mercenary group, that would be tantamount of having strong armed forces. If anybody wanted to move against the Buda clan, then they would have a hard fight on their hands.
The thought of it made everyone excited.
Zhao also couldn't help but smile. "And we can help the Markey clan, which would put us in good favor with them."
Hearing what Zhao said, Green calmed down as he immediately realized that they could also help the Markey clan. The Markey Company was one of the most famous firms in the Continent. If they could make a strong bond with them, he couldn't imagine the future benefits they could get to develop the Buda clan. It wasn't just the possibility of getting lots of gold; they might also get access to their complete information network.
"Master, we have to go now before it's too late. I'm afraid those people of the Markey clan might not stand for long," Green said.
Zhao nodded. "Blockhead, Rockhead, you two will stay inside the space to take care of the slaves. Grandpa Green, let's go." The four came out of the space.
Outside the space, Zhao immediately released all of his undead. The total amount of undead was one thousand three hundred and fifty seven. This number wasn't counted by Zhao himself, but something he got from the spatial barn.
With all the undead that Zhao summoned, the scene was vast. A few of the undead were humanoid and some were insects, but most of them were some kind of large sized undead, like that rat undead. This was simply an undead army. They were supposed to fight the mercenary group, but mostly they were there to look impressive.
Zhao sat on his undead, while Meg, Meirin, and Green sitting on their own. With a wave from Zhao, the mighty army of undead spirit beasts rushed straight towards the slope.
They could see that the mercenary group also had their own undead army, made up of three thousand people, along with some dogs, chickens, sheep, cows, pigs, and other livestock. It would seem like this undead army was composed of all the living things from those villages.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 65 - Laura
-This chapter was sponsored by Anonymous. Thanks!!!
This was what the Immortal mercenary group usually did. They killed off the villagers and turned them into their undead army to enable them to attack their target. Although they were low-leveled undead, their attacks weren't weak. Even the power of an ordinary undead was not small, plus they weren't afraid to die, nor did they feel pain. No one was willing to encounter such opponents.
In the Continent, the Markey clan had a reputation of great strength, so under normal circumstances, no one would dare lay hands on their caravan. So after such a long time, they would naturally become more slack, and now each caravan were sending less people to protect it.
This time, the Markey clan was sending someone to Montenegro Fortress to conduct a secret translation with a mysterious figure. This transaction was for the Necro Orb.
The Necro Orb was found by a thief in an ancient tomb. It was an orb with strong Necromancer energy, which could turn an ordinary undead into a mid-level or even a high-level one.
The Markey would love to let this treasure stay in their clan, but it became known to the mysterious figure, who was willing to pay a high price to buy this orb. The Markey clan had no choice but to agree. They decided that Montenegro Fortress would be the place to make the transaction, because it wouldn't attract attention. No one would think that such a treasure would be traded in Montenegro.
They didn't know how this news reached that mercenary group. The importance of the Necro Orb to the Immortal mercenary group was self-evident.
The Markey clan didn't let others know that they were going to Montenegro Fortress to make the transaction, so they didn't send much of a squad, which disguised themselves as an ordinary caravan. They had released information that the transaction for the orb would be located elsewhere, so they thought that they were safe, until the Immortal mercenary group stopped them.
Not only did the eight black mages of the Immortal mercenary group command an undead army, they would also occasionally use black magic to attack the Markey clan caravan, giving them lots of pressure.
Of course, the Markey clan didn't send ordinary mercenaries to guard the Necro Orb. They sent experts. But these experts couldn't handle the attacks from all these undead people, plus the black magical attacks from the mercenary group making them miserable.
Laura was standing on the carriage, her hands holding onto a wooden box. The box wasn't very big, only about twenty cubic centimeters or so, and it seemed to not weigh much, since she effortlessly carried it.
Laura Markey was the second daughter to a mage named Kevin Markey. At forty years old, the old mage finally reached the sixth level. His speed of cultivation wasn't slow, but it was definitely not fast. He preferred to study magic, and had little interest in business. The Markey clan was a famous clan that specialized in business in the Continent. They didn't pay much attention to their heirs that practiced magic or martial arts, and instead focused more on those with business capabilities, which was why Kevin was somewhat embarrassing to the clan.
However, Kevin had a good daughter named Laura. Laura was only seventeen years old, yet she was a famous genius in the Continent. Not only was she a genius in cultivation, but also in business. Laura didn't just learn martial arts, but also how to make weapons for warriors. This was even more difficult than practicing combat skills, which was already demanding for cultivators
Not only was Laura a sixth level warrior, but she was also good at making spears, tower shields, horse bows, machetes, and other weapons. Her strength was very strong, but you wouldn't be able to tell from looking at her appearance.
White snow-like delicate skin, a head of wavy golden hair, and a pair of dark blue eyes. Along with her illustrious family background and powerful strength in the martial arts, she was admired by many men.
But what was most talked about her was her business genius. At a very young age, she was already helping her father with some business matters.
For such a genius, the average person couldn't even rise up in jealousy, because she was too good. If someone was a little better than you, of course you would be envious of him. But if he was so much better than you that he was beyond your reach, you couldn't afford to raise up your jealousy.
In the Markey clan, the heirs of the family will manage different businesses in different areas. The patriarch of the clan will then see who was the best at managing their business and making it the most profitable. Everyone knew that Kevin didn't have the ability to do business, so the patriarch didn't even consider him as part of the competition. But since Laura helped Kevin manage his business, their earnings have increased each year, and now wasn't worse than the other heirs of the family.
Kevin's share of the clan's business was mainly concentrated in the Purcell Duchy, so this time the transaction was placed in the hands of Kevin, and of course it would be Laura who finalized the deal.
Laura had no idea how everything they arranged became in vain when that mercenary group arrived, but she feared that this time was really dangerous.
Although Laura was a sixth level warrior, until now, she has never participated in a real battle. Her strength was good, but she was a bit worse than an ordinary mercenary in a fight.
Plus, they were surrounded by the undead. Even if she wanted to run, she couldn't.
This was Laura's first time feeling so desperate. Death was coming. She bit her lips hard until there was bright red blood. And then her last shred of hope was destroyed when, behind the undead army, another large number of undead appeared. These undead were large, with bodies suffused with a strange green color.
Laura's face paled. She knew that she was going to die. However, she didn't collapse, but instead aroused a fighting spirit in her heart!
In despair, there would often be two kinds of reactions. Either complete collapse where you lose all ability to resist and get trampled on, or a manifestation of anger to oppose everything in your way, even if they were undead. Laura was clearly feeling the latter.
Laura was ready to fight to the death.
But then she suddenly discovered that the new undead was attacking the undead that had besieged them. Not only Laura, but everyone in the Markey caravan was shocked to the point where their brains momentarily didn't know how to react. Was there strife among the Immortal mercenary group?
Laura didn't think so. She was clever and eventually saw that these new undead creatures weren’t the same. Unlike the human undead that had besieged them, most of these new undead were more like spirit beasts. And not only did these spirit beasts have strong attacks, but their bodies had green bones, which showed that they were toxic and not to be trifled with.
The green undead were coming in a steady stream, with a total number actually reaching more than a thousand. Unfortunately, that was less than half of the undead that had besieged them. But Laura was looking around because she believed that the people who summoned these undead would soon be here to help them.
Laura carefully looked at the back and found four people riding the undead. Two of them were standing. One was wearing full body armor, while the other was wearing a magic robe. The other two were sitting on an undead like it was natural. One was dressed in a black magic robe, and the other that was sitting beside the black mage was wearing a maid outfit.
Suddenly, black light was shot straight towards these four people. Laura's face changed. She knew that the mercenary group was attacking these four, so she couldn't help but shout, "Be careful!" However, she didn't realize that she was too far away from those people, so they couldn't hear what she was shouting.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 66 - Raid
Just as the black light was about to hit the four of them, suddenly a layer of water shielded them. The shield looked thin and transparent, but the black light couldn't get past their guard.
After the black light disappeared, Green stood up on the undead's head and suddenly sprang towards the direction where the black light was emitted. Although he was still wearing body armor, with a very fast speed, he disappeared in front of everyone in the blink of an eye.
Meanwhile, Meirin said to Zhao, "Master, go back."
Zhao knew that he must listen to Meirin, so he immediately commanded his undead to step back.
More black light shot at them, but Zhao was able to note where they came from. He directed his undead army to rush toward where the black light was being emitted. The eight black mages seemed to be hiding in the woods.
Suddenly, a screen projected in front of him, flashing different colored dots. The red dots represented them and the undead that he summoned, the green dots represented the people of the Markey caravan, and there were a few black dots hidden in the woods.
There were eight black dots. But one of them was next to a red dot. Zhao looked and saw that was the direction where Green went. One of the black dots was also rushing in that direction, leaving the other six black dots behind.
Zhao commanded his undead to divide into seven teams. Six of the teams will each have two hundred undead, which he sent towards the six black dots, while the remaining one hundred and fifty seven stayed close by. Meg also made her preparations as she softly whispered a spell that formed a pale shroud of air which surrounded her and Zhao. After all, her mission was to protect Zhao.
The six black dots figured out Zhao's intentions, so they immediately rushed towards him. In their view, getting rid of Zhao was the only hope of victory. If they were to get surrounded by the undead, then sooner or later they will be killed.
The Immortal mercenary group has faced danger countless times, like when they faced the Xinya clan. At the time, they were seventh leveled black mages, but the Xinya clan was still able to kill them, forcing them to to turn themselves into undead. Now their true strength was only at the sixth level. If it weren't for the fact that black magic was really strange, then it would be impossible for them to run rampant in the Continent.
But this time, they encountered an even more dangerous situation. Not only did the other side have two people with strength at the eighth level, they also had an army of undead. They could say that their chances of winning was very low.
That was the reason why they took the initiative to attack Zhao. It wasn't because they thought that they had the ability to kill Zhao, but they wanted to see if they could escape after taking Zhao's life. They had experienced many battles with enemies before, and so they thought that if they ran, it would be likely that Zhao would come after them. So they wanted to try attacking Zhao first, then find a way to escape.
But they didn't know that if they had turned around and ran, Zhao wouldn't have come after them because he really didn't want to deal with the hassle.
Zhao noticed that the black spots were getting closer. "Grandma Meirin, they're coming."
Meirin nodded, although she didn't need Zhao to tell her that. As a powerful eighth level mage, plus the fact that she was rich in experience with fighting enemies, how could she not know that they were coming.
However, Zhao faced a surprise. Although he knew that some of the Immortal mercenary group were getting closer, he couldn't even see their shadows. The screen projected in front of him clearly showed black dots outside his protection of undead, but he couldn't see a single person, not even their shadows. It was really strange.
Although Zhao was curious as to the reason why, he knew that now was not the time to ask. He had already warned Meirin, plus he knew where the people were, so he wasn't worried.
The black dots creeped closer, and now they were inside his protection of undead, but the undead didn't notice anything. Seeing this, Zhao then understood that those people must be using some kind of secret stealth magic, so now the undead couldn't even find them.
But Zhao didn't shoot up in fear. He believed in Meirin. If she couldn't find them, then she wouldn't be called an eighth level mage.
Plus, Zhao's undead still had a trick he could use.
His undead were an undead spirit variation. It had a spiritual attack, which was something that mages feared to encounter.
Zhao firmly stared at his screen, ready to get involved at anytime. Right now he looked mysterious because he was dressed as a black mage, plus he was able to sit there motionless amidst such a battle.
Meirin had long felt the people getting closer, but she didn't move. She wasn't worried about Zhao's safety because he had Meg by his side. And if Meg failed to protect him, he could always go inside the space. She had nothing to worry about.
At this point, Zhao discovered that the black spots have stopped ten meters away from him. He felt that it was time, so he got up and yelled, "Attack!"
To command his undead, he didn't actually need to shout, but he had always wanted to give that command, plus he was encouraging himself.
From his outburst, Meirin began casting a spell, while Zhao suddenly felt his undead blasting out a strong spiritual force.
Meirin was surprised, but she then understood what Zhao was doing, so she changed her spell. She was originally going to use a magic attack to wound those guys and then capture them in the space, but now she allowed Alien to do the attacking because she was very clear on what a spiritual attack will do to a mage.
Although she didn't know how Zhao found where those people were, she didn't think too much of it as she immediately casted another spell. Six water dragons appeared at her side, which then rushed straight towards those six men.
At the time when Meirin just formed the water dragons, the six men appeared around Zhao in a semicircle less than ten meters from him. Apparently, they were going to use magic to attack, but then suddenly they were hit with a spiritual attack, injuring them.
As soon as they were exposed, the six water dragons wrapped around them. Once Zhao opened a hole to the space, Meirin immediately threw the six men inside.
Zhao and Meirin felt relieved. The timing of their attack was perfect. Before those people were about to cast their magic, they were suddenly hit with a spiritual attack, allowing Meirin to seize the opportunity to trap those people and throw them into the space.
The key factor was the screen projection. Even if those people were invisible, they couldn't stay hidden under Zhao's eyes. Along with the spiritual attack, it had doubled their war potential.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 67 - Undead Level Up
-This chapter was sponsored by fans from around the world:
Kris H N (Denmark)
Pongthep C (Thailand)
David F (US)
and Poh-Yen P (Australia).
Thanks!!!
Almost all of Laura's men had injuries. These men were loyal to Laura, not the Markey clan. Since she was young, Laura understood that the men given to her by the clan weren't reliable, so over the years she had been trying to cultivate her own forces. Because of the stakes of this time's transaction, she had to take her most loyal men, but they had almost died.
After Zhao threw some of the Immortal mercenary group into the space, he heard the voice: [Advance class robotic objects have been discovered in the space. Proceeding with new implantation program. Implantation successful. Robotic objects have no toxic effects. Will now strengthen them with toxins. Running extraction program on these new class of advanced robotic objects. The original class of robotic objects will now be strengthened]
Zhao understood what the voice meant. He really succeeded. Once the six undead of the Immortal mercenary group entered the space, they had really become one of us. Plus, they were also strengthened with the toxins from the swamp, giving them a stronger attacking power. Not only that, when the space found that the six undead were more advanced than the others, it leveled up all the undead that he had.
Zhao had not yet had the time to feel pleased when a blue shadow shot towards him and shouted, "Master." It was Green, who was clutching two black figures. It appeared that they were the remaining members of the Immortal mercenary group. With a thought, Zhao opened up a hole, then Green threw the two members into the space. The voice sounded again, telling him that the reform process was happening again.
Just then, all the undead around Zhao flashed a tiny light. The light was so small and fast that if Zhao was not sitting on his undead, he might not have noticed it.
After the light disappeared, Zhao found that the undead had changed. Their bodies were a more deeper green and the red soul fire where their eyes were supposed to be looked more exuberant.
The body of his undead became dark green. The only place where it was different was the white pattern on its head. The pattern was shaped similar to an eye. It was a complex pattern which if you stared at it for a long time, you would feel that it was spinning, sucking in your soul.
In addition, his undead seemed to have become bigger. It was originally just ten meters long, but now it reached a total of fifteen meters. But that wasn't the only change. The chest of the undead had turned into a closed space when green crystal formed walls between the ribs, leaving no trace of a gap. The space inside the chest was now two meters high, four meters long, and three meters wide, with a flat floor and an arc-shaped roof. Not only could you sit inside the chest, you could also stand up and move around.
On the neck of the undead appeared some sort of strange bone armor. It didn't affect the undead as it could still turn its neck to look around, but this bone armor had formed something like a corridor that gave direct access to the undead's mouth from its chest. The mouth was very big. As long as the mouth was open, it could form a space that was three meters wide, five meters long, and one meter high, allowing a person to sit there and see the situation outside.
Down the back of the undead grew a lot of hideous bone spurs that seemed to glitter with flashing green light, and on its tail grew three long spikes that pointed up, left, and right. Just the sight of them showed how powerful and lethal they were. Zhao and Meg looked at the changes of the undead, not knowing how it had become like this or when the wooden planks had been knocked to the ground. It didn't just become a roomy way to travel, but also a murderous weapon.
Meirin and Green were surprised. The changes to the undead were completely beyond their imagination.
Zhao took a moment to collect himself, then with a thought, he immediately put the rest of the undead inside his space, then he called out to Meirin and Green. "Grandma Meirin, Grandpa Green, let's go into the undead's mouth."
The undead had two entrances. The front entrance was the mouth, while the other was behind the chest. Zhao noticed that there were a few pieces of bones which you could open, allowing you to go into Alien from behind. However, Zhao didn't want to go inside from the back, because that was the place where animals defecated. He didn't want to go in or out from there.
Green and Meirin went inside the undead with Zhao, which immediately opened its mouth to let them in. The chest seemed to be tightly sealed, only feeling a little wind. Once inside, Green and Meirin couldn't help but feel surprised. They really didn't expect that the space inside the chest would become like this. Didn't it change too much?
They looked at Zhao, who chuckled. "I didn't think that it would become like this after I put those guys from the Immortal mercenary group into the space. The space made all the undead stronger, which is why it had become like this. Now we don't need to sit outside. We can just sit in here and see the outside situation instead."
Green nodded as he looked around. "Although it's not much, you can still see outside. Well, Master, it would be great if we go see the Markey clan like this."
Zhao smiled. "Then let's go see them." He commanded his undead to climb the slope.
Laura and everyone else didn't see what happened behind the slope. The last thing they saw was a blue shadow clutching two black humanoid objects going behind the slope, then all the undead that helped them have disappeared. Laura was just about to send people to see what had happened when a crocodile skeleton crawled out from behind the slope.
That crocodile skeleton seemed very familiar, like the one that the black mage was sitting on, but it had changed, looking more ferocious. While she didn't get a good look at that undead's appearance, she clearly remembered that it didn't have bone spurs that big going down its back. However, Laura was sure that it was an undead that belonged to the black mage that helped them. That was because she had never seen the Immortal mercenary group using such an undead. If they had that undead, they would have used it to siege them from the beginning.
Laura and her men felt nervous. After all, that undead was too scary. Its dark green bones shined with a coldness under the sun, while its four meter long mouth exposed rows of fangs. And although its legs weren't high, it had long sharp claws that left no doubt to the destruction it could bring.
Such a monster was coming towards them.
Laura and her men tightly clutched their weapons, their hearts rising up to their throats. Under their gaze, the undead stopped itself five meters away from them. When its mouth opened, they felt a burst of fear. But then Green stepped out of the undead's mouth.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 68 - Idol?
Green looked around and spotted Laura. "Hello, Markey clan. My Master would like to speak with you." He called Zhao his Master like how a mage's follower respectfully would.
Laura of course understood what Green meant, but she hesitated. She had a treasure with her, and if the other side wanted that treasure, wouldn't it be too dangerous if she went along with Green?
Green was a good person. One look at Laura and he understood her hesitation, but he didn't blame her for it.
While Laura wasn't prepared to follow Green to see Zhao, since the other side had saved them, she still needed to give them her thanks. Laura jumped down from her carriage, then she walked to Green and bowed. "Powerful warrior, please accept the thanks of Laura Markey. I do not know if I could have the opportunity to see the distinguished mage."
Although Laura was very polite, the meaning of her words were clear. If you want to see me, then you will have to come out and see me.
Green looked at Laura, then nodded. He also thought that they should go out to Laura's side. Although they didn't know why the Immortal mercenary group attacked her, this was a good chance to establish a relationship with Laura and the Buda clan.
Inside the undead's chest, Zhao, Meirin, and Meg were standing there waiting for Green. Zhao originally wanted to go out to see Laura, but Green thought that it would be too demeaning, so he told Zhao to wait here until he came back. Once Green was inside again, he said, "Master, the one outside is named Laura, a genius of the Markey clan. When you go meet her, if she asked about the Immortal mercenary group, say that we repelled them. Don't say that we made them loyal to us."
Zhao nodded. "Don't worry, Grandpa Green, I know what to say." He went out, followed by Green and Meg, leaving Meirin behind.
Standing there, Laura was a bit nervous. She didn't know how the mage would answer her since she knew that what she was doing was rude. But she couldn't risk the treasure that was on her.
However, she also knew that black mages were usually cantankerous and that she might have offended him. If the black mage wanted to deal with her, she was afraid that she wouldn't be able to leave here today. This thought filled Laura with some regret. With her current strength, she wouldn't be able to hold on to the Necro Orb if the black mage wanted it.
While she was feeling regretful, Laura suddenly noticed three people coming out of the mouth of the undead. One of them was a black mage. Although the mage's body wasn't very tall, he was wearing a tall black robe while holding a magic staff.
Laura, with her experience in business, could tell at a glance that the robe and magic staff were cheap and poor quality. But from the mage's temperament, Laura almost completely omitted these two things. His unique temperament seemed to be very humble, but at the same time, it seemed very contradictory.
Meanwhile, Laura also noticed another detail. Although the black mage was wearing a robe that covered his whole body, she could still see his hand that was sticking out while holding the magic staff. When she saw this hand, Laura's eyes couldn't help but shrink. The hand wasn't old and it had no wrinkles. Although it was a man's hand, the skin was very white and delicate.
If this hand reflected this mage's age, then Laura could easily tell that the owner of this hand didn't exceed thirty years old!
An advanced black mage that was no more than thirty years old, what kind of concept was that? This was equal to the strongest in the Continent and would infinitely have a bright future. For a large clan, such a person would help that clan grow.
But Laura has been taking care of the family business for several years, so even after seeing such a big scene, it only took a moment before she could calm herself back to normal.
Different from Laura, Zhao felt very excited. The reason he was excited was because of Laura's looks.
Although Laura was pretty, in his past life Zhao had seen a variety of beauties. That wasn't the reason for Zhao's excitement, but rather because Laura looked like a specific person. In his past life, when Zhao was an otaku, he liked music. He mostly listened to some Chinese songs, so he knew even less about foreign singers.
But he did know of one name: Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift was a country music singer. When Zhao was almost twenty years old, at the time when Taylor was twenty, he thought that she looked sweet and her singing was very appealing, so he quickly fell in love with her. Zhao had a picture of Taylor on his computer desktop.
Laura's looks was almost like it was carved out of a mold from what Taylor looked like. She looked so much alike that Zhao kept checking her over, everything from her height to her blonde hair. She was simply almost exactly the same. The only difference was that Laura had a body that practiced martial arts, but this gave her an inexplicable attraction. As long as men saw her, they would want to conquer her.
Meeting his idol standing before his own eyes, how could Zhao not be excited. Although he knew that the person in front of him wasn't Taylor, he still couldn't help but feel excited.
Fortunately, he was wearing a mage robe that blocked his face. If Laura were to see the happy vacant look on Zhao, it would greatly damage her impression of him.
Laura took a deep breath and gave a deep bow to Zhao. "Dear mage, thank you for your help. Please accept my most sincere gratitude."
Zhao soon recovered after he also took a breath to calm down. In front of a star like that, he shouldn't be too crazy, and be more sensible. Plus, he knew that the one standing in front of him wasn't Taylor, but Laura.
"Miss Laura is too polite. We just happened to pass by and encountered that notorious mercenary group. Unfortunately, we couldn't destroy them, and instead let them run," Zhao said.
Laura was surprised for a moment. She had seen Green carrying two objects to the back of the slope, but she didn't expect that they were part of the Immortal mercenary group. If so, then it was good that the mercenary group had been eliminated. And Laura was also able to confirm her previous speculation that the black mage was quite young, which she could tell from the sound of his voice.
Laura smiled at Zhao. "You do not need to feel any regret. I will not allow the Immortal mercenary group to run rampant for so long in the Continent. This time they will really be sorry. Since you helped us against those people, you might fear that it would just bring you more trouble, but please don't worry. After I go back to my clan, they will send out a team to eradicate the Immortal mercenary group, so please rest assured."
Zhao slightly chuckled. "Miss Laura is too kind. A mere mercenary group is not much in my eyes, so you don't have to worry about it."
Hearing what Zhao said, Laura couldn't help but nod her head. If anyone else was to say this, she wouldn't believe it, but since Zhao said so, she believed him. She had seen how powerful Zhao was. Not only did he have an eighth level warrior, but he could also call out all those undead.
Green was looking at the sky, then he turned to Zhao. "Master, it's getting late. Shouldn't we hurry up?"
Zhao knew what Green meant that they should go. This time they just wanted to meet the Markey clan. They didn't want people to think that they were threatening the Markey clan for repayment.
Seeing Zhao about to leave, Laura at once said, "Dear mage, we are preparing to make camp here today. If you don't mind, please stay with us. I would like to invite you for dinner to express my gratitude."
Zhao shook his head. "Miss Laura is determined, but I'm sure we will have the opportunity to see each other again in the future." Having said that, he turned around and walked towards his undead.
Laura anxiously took two brisk steps forward and quickly pulled on Zhao's robe. "Dear mage, please wait." When she grabbed onto Zhao, Laura didn't know whether or not it was an illusion, but she could smell a fresh scent from Zhao's body, like a prairie during spring, making people feel refreshed and vibrant.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 69 - Their Plans
-This chapter was sponsored by Ahmed A. (Saudi Arabia). Thanks!!!
It was a very strange feeling. Laura never thought that just a smell would make her think of so many things. The odor coming from Zhao's body smelled like the sea, letting her feel her spirits being lifted.
Laura froze for a moment, but Zhao turned to look at Laura's beautiful face. "Miss Laura, what are you doing?"
Laura recovered, then blushed and quickly let go of Zhao's clothes. "I'm sorry, dear mage. May I ask for your name?"
"Of course. My name is Zhao." Zhao used his name from his past life. If he said that he was Adam Buda, he was afraid that they would be hunted down. He wasn't an idiot.
Laura took out a gold medal and handed it to Zhao. "Mr Zhao, this will show that you are a Gold VIP. Show this piece of gold to any of our Markey company in the Continent, and you will be given a twenty percent discount. Also, if you want to sell anything in the Purcell Duchy, as long as you are holding this, the Markey company will pay the full purchase price to buy one of your goods. I know that this simply isn't enough to repay you for your kindness, but on behalf of my piece of mind, please accept it." Laura was bowing while holding the gold medal high above her head.
Zhao wanted this gold medal. With it, what he does in the future will be more convenient. He could see that this time, Laura must be doing something important, otherwise she wouldn't be so anxious to get to Montenegro Fortress. Even though she had suffered heavy losses, she still didn't want to go back and would rather stay here to camp, then leave tomorrow.
But Zhao didn't dwell on it. He just took the gold medal and said, "Thank you, Miss." Having carefully looked at the piece of gold, he could see that the gold medal was palm-sized, made entirely out of pure gold, and the shape of it was like a blooming Bana, and at the center was the word, Markey.
After Zhao took the gold medal, Laura straightened her body and let out a breath. She had been really afraid that Zhao wouldn't accept the medal.
Laura didn't give the gold medal to Zhao entirely out of thanks, but the main reason was to form a relationship between her and Zhao. He was an advanced black mage, and one so young, plus he was flanked by Green, an advanced warrior. If she could form a relationship with Zhao, then that could only be a good thing.
In the Ark Continent, strength was respected. If Laura could become friends with Zhao the advanced black mage, then it would be a great influence to her position in her clan. So when she saw that Zhao accepted the gold medal, she felt relieved. As long as Zhao used the gold medal, she would be able to find him, and then slowly form a closer relationship.
After looking at the gold medal, Zhao tucked it in his sleeve so it couldn't be seen when he threw it into the space.
Once he had the gold medal, Zhao said, "Miss Laura, I'm sure that you have a lot of things to do. I will not hold you up, but we will have the opportunity to see each other later."
Having turned away, Laura didn't stop him this time, but she said to Zhao's back, "If Mr. Zhao wants to look for me, just casually mention my name in one of the Markey's family shops, and you can send me a message."
Zhao didn't turn around, and just gently waved as he climbed into the undead's mouth. Once Meg and Green followed behind Zhao into the undead's body, the undead then quickly left the battlefield.
Laura watched as the undead walked away. Once it was gone, she couldn't help but let loose a breath. Then a fifteen year old girl, who was wearing a maid outfit, came to Laura's side while holding a box which contained an orb filled with dead souls.
The girl walked around Laura and said, "Miss, will we really have to camp here?"
Laura looked at the bodies and bones on the battlefield, her eyes flashed with coldness. "Of course. We will rest here for the night. Tomorrow morning, we will be on our way to Montenegro Fortress as soon as possible. Send someone to keep a lookout on the back of the slope."
A warrior saluted, then turned and ran to the back of the slope. Laura turned to the girl dressed as a maid and said, "Nier, are you scared?"
Nier was pale, but she shook her head. However, Laura still saw the distressed look on Nier's face. She touched her head and said, "Do not worry, Nier. You don't have to be afraid, I will not let such a thing happen to you."
Although Nier was Laura's maid, the two grew up together. Because of this, Laura always felt that Nier was like a sister, so she comforted her.
However, Laura was very clear that this time they really had something to fear. Because of the stakes of this transaction, only a few core members of the clan knew about it, but somehow the Immortal mercenary group had been waiting days in advance to ambush them, so they apparently knew about their plans.
The Immortal mercenary group weren't prophets, they could only rely on guesses for their robberies. So someone must have told them about the plan.
While Laura still didn't know for sure who that person was, she could at least determine a range of people. In fact, Laura understood that some in her own clan looked forward to her death. Her father was the second heir to the clan, but he didn't care much about the family business. However, since she took over the business, her father's position as the second heir became more stable, which brought a lot of pressure to several other heirs.
In a large clan, what was the most brutal? Undoubtedly, competition between family members was the most brutal. Laura, although she was still young, slowly understood this truth ever since she took over the family business. But she didn't think that the people in the clan would do things that were so absolute.
At this moment, Laura knew that in the future, no matter what, she couldn't rely on the clan.
That was one of the reasons why Laura had tried to win over Zhao. If later, the clan was really unreliable, then with Zhao's support as a powerful mage, Laura could go out and live on her own without fear of family reprisals.
Zhao didn't know the full meaning of what Laura was doing because he didn't know what the Immortal mercenary group was trying to grab, but he shall know soon.
After Zhao and everyone quickly left the battlefield, they gathered around Green in the room of the undead's body. Zhao took out the gold medal and handed it to Green. "Grandpa green, look at this gold medal. With this, will our plans not be more successful?"
Green carefully looked at the gold. "Ah, yes. With this gold medal, plus with Laura's kindness, it will be a great help to our future development. In the Markey clan, Laura is the second daughter. She has taken over the family business in the Purcell Duchy, so this is very beneficial for us."
Zhao frowned. "Will anyone suspect us?"
Green shook his head. "They should not, Master, as long as we quickly sell the radishes and return to the Black Waste. There, you can let the Immortal mercenary group go into the carrion swamp and rein in the undead, and also release the undead that you already have. Because if the undead from the carrion swamp looked like they are wandering around the Black Waste, I think that no one would easily go into our territory, making us more secure."
Zhao nodded his head. With a thought, the Immortal mercenary group of eight men appeared in front of him. Fortunately, the room in the undead's body wasn't small, otherwise it wouldn't be able to fit so many people.
The eight men were wearing similar styles to Zhao's dark robe, but they didn't have a magic staff in their hands. When they came out, in a ceremony fashion, the eight people immediately said in unison to Zhao, "Master."
Zhao nodded and said, "Hat." The eight men took off their hats, and eight skulls appeared. They were dark green crystal skulls with red fire as the soul in their eyes. Some people would think of the crystal as beautiful, while others might see them as strange.
"Why did you attack Laura?" Zhao asked.
The wisdom of these eight have apparently not been affected. One immediately replied, "Master, we got the news from a person in the Markey clan that Laura had the Necro Orb, which can enhance the undead."
"Which person from the Markey clan told you this news?" Zhao asked.
Just then, Green suddenly asked, "Master, are you saying that they can speak?"
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 70 - Mysterious Forces
-This chapter was sponsored by Anonymous. Thanks!!!
Zhao was shocked when Green asked such a question. They've already said several words, but Green still asked if whether these eight guys could speak? That was too weird, right? Didn't Green hear them speak?
Zhao turned around and looked at Green. "Grandpa Green, we've already said several words to each other, didn't you hear us?"
Green and everyone else shook their heads, which confirmed that although Zhao had a dialogue with these undead people from the mercenary group, Green really didn't hear them.
Seeing Zhao puzzled, Meirin said, "There are few undead that know how to speak, but these are high-level undead so they can directly talk to the young master through spiritual power. The young master thinks that he could hear them talking with his ears, but in fact, they're not making a sound."
When he heard Meirin's explanation, Zhao nodded, then turned around and spoke to the undead black mages. "Since you have called me Master, you will no longer use your previous names. I will give you new names. Which one of you was the boss?"
One of the undead stepped forward. "Master, I am."
"Well, starting today your name is Drunk. The second will be called Hammer. And the next ones will be Mountain, Edge, Punch, Rash, Scales, and Brick."
The eight people accepted it in unison. Although they didn't have that much wisdom or influence, the space has let them know that Zhao was their master, so they certainly did not refute Zhao's words.
"Now answer my question. Who told you that Laura has this Necro Orb?" Zhao demanded.
Drunk quickly said, "Master, we heard this message from one of the members of the Markey clan. At first, we didn't believe it, but if what he said was true, then we wanted to get it to enhance our strength."
Zhao nodded. It was like he thought, just a struggle within the clan. Nothing remarkable.
He then turned to Drunk and said, "Since you call me Master, tell me where are all those good things you robbed over the years?"
"Master, although we've been robbing for so many years, we're rarely able to keep the things that we steal. We just took them to the previous master," Drunk immediately said.
Zhao's face changed. "Previous master?"
"Master, you are mistaken," Drunk quickly said. "Now we don't recognize others as our master. It's just that we grew up with our previous master that adopted us. After we learned magic from him, he sent us out as the Immortal mercenary group to collect money to help him, until now."
After listening to Drunk, Zhao didn't feel relieved, but instead his mood got heavier. "What is the identity of your previous master?"
Drunk shook his head. "We don't know. We rarely see him. His servant takes care of us. Even if we see him, he would be wearing a dark robe that covered up his whole body."
Zhao felt more heavy, discovering that the forces behind Drunk and the rest was not so simple. Cultivating these men into seventh level mages from a young age would require a lot of manpower and financial resources. But that wasn't the worst part. The worst part was that although it was hard to find someone with a talent for magic out of a million people in the Continent, it was even more difficult to find someone who was suitable for practicing black magic.
And yet the forces behind them were able to find eight individuals that were talented in black magic. How much power would it take to choose them and train them up?
Another point, Drunk and the rest grew up together, but it was clear that they didn't live with their previous master So while their previous master was living elsewhere, did he also train more of them? If so, then this was an even bigger matter.
Green saw that Zhao didn't look so good, so he quickly asked, "Master, what's the matter?"
Zhao looked at everyone and explained his conversation with Drunk, as well as the speculations he had made. Everyone's faces grew heavy.
Zhao then tried asking Drunk personal things about the previous master that adopted them, but Drunk didn't know anything. They just knew that when they grew up, they would go out as a mercenary group to earn money, then put that money in a designated place. They would rarely meet. The other simply, did not contact them, so they didn't know what the situation was.
Finding out nothing, Zhao retracted Drunk and the rest back into the space. After all, although the room inside the undead's body was big enough for so many people, it was still very crowded.
Green didn't say anything, but no one had a good look on their face. They really found that this time they shouldn't mess with forces that were so big. No one knew how strong was their influence or what their intentions were. But it was certain that these forces weren't so simple.
After a moment, Green said, "Master, we don't have to worry too much. No one will think that we have the Immortal mercenary group. The Black Waste is a forgotten part of the Continent. After we go back there, you can immediately put Drunk and the others in the carrion swamp so no one can even find them. We should not have any trouble."
Zhao nodded, hoping that things would be so. Now, they were too weak. They would be dead if those forces behind Drunk really discovered that Zhao had the Immortal mercenary group, not to mention if the news got out, they would also have to deal with those old nobles from the Aksu Empire.
Zhao didn't know what to say about this matter, so he put it off for another time, then he turned to Green and asked, "Grandpa Green, when we get to Casa city, shouldn't we plan ahead and find a place to hold the radishes?"
Green nodded. "Yes, Master. Do not worry, there are many places near Casa city. We can buy a small estate so you can hold your radishes and sell them to the people from the Markey clan."
"That's good. But although we did have a preliminary deal with them, now that we have this gold medal, we should get a higher price, right?" Zhao asked.
"Yes, this gold medal can really be a large help to us. If we took this gold medal to do business with them, I don't know how they will react, especially Miss Laura. Master, you're a very powerful black mage, yet you're suddenly selling vegetables." Green laughed. "I think she will be very surprised."
Everyone, including Zhao, laughed. Now Zhao had a more firm commitment to their farming. Although they had good strength, with two people at the eighth level and so many undead, he still couldn't forget that their enemies were even more powerful.
Those old nobles of the Aksu Empire, if they knew of the strength that the Buda clan had, they would unite in fear and use the power of the entire Empire to destroy them. Plus now Zhao shouldn't provoke the forces behind Drunk and the rest of the undead black mages. If those forces found out about their situation, then Zhao would be finished.
So they could only be low key.
But Zhao didn't mind using the piece of gold that Laura gave him. Even if he used it, his identity would only be known as a black mage named Zhao. If someone wanted to trace his origins, they would discover that he came from Montenegro Fortress, and nothing else.
Montenegro Fortress was a mess. Even if someone were to search harder, they would still not suspect the Buda clan. After all, Adam drank the Water of Nothingness, which everyone in the Continent knew about. And now he had these undead providing the best cover for his identity. No one thought that someone who drank the Water of Nothingness will be able to summon these undead creatures. So even if someone wanted to check up on him, they would never take notice of the Buda clan.
After experiencing a battle, Zhao better understood the truth that strength was supreme in the Ark Continent. If he didn't have the strength, would Laura be so kind to him and give him the gold medal? If he didn't have the strength, could he have defeated the eight undead black mages?
If they didn't have the strength, even if they were to earn money, sooner or later it would just be snatched from them.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 71 - Indifference and Passion
They moved forward. This time when they encountered villages, there were still people, which made Zhao feel relieved.
But seeing the villagers, Zhao had mixed feelings. To be honest, the sixth level black mages, although very strong, were nothing in the eyes of those with real strength, like against Meirin or Green.
In Meirin's eyes, those ordinary commoners were like ants, and she was a god that was free to kill them.
Zhao knew that if it weren't for the existence of the space, he would be no different than those commoners in the eyes of the strong. He was like an ant.
He wanted to become strong, but unfortunately he drank the Water of Nothingness, so he couldn't learn magic or martial arts. The only remaining thing he could rely on was the space.
But Zhao understood that living an easy life was not easy. Just because you try to avoid trouble, doesn't mean that it won't come to you. If you want to have a stable life, then you have to ensure that you have the power to keep your life stable.
Strength! This was the first time since he was born that Zhao felt such a strong desire for power. Unfortunately, he didn't have a way to enhance his own strength.
The space was amazing, but it lacked offensive power. Although he was able to rein in some undead to use for his own purposes, he couldn't go into the carrion swamp to collect the undead. That was no different than courting death. Zhao still clearly remembered that day he stood on the castle walls, shocked by the overwhelming number of undead spirit beasts that came out of the swamp.
If you don't have the power to protect yourself, then how can you live peacefully? There's only one answer. Look for a place to hide where people can't find you.
The Black Waste was a good choice. Because of the ground, it was a place that no one paid attention to. But there was a problem that left the Buda clan in a mess.
Others may not pay attention to them, but those old nobles definitely would. If they wanted people to not pay attention to them, then they would have to think of a way, otherwise they would make life difficult for Zhao and the Buda clan.
But the only way Zhao could think of was by improving the level of his spatial farm a little faster. As long as his space's level goes over ten, he would be able to open a ranch.
Once he gathers a variety of plants in his farm, he could enhance the level of his space and open a ranch, then it wouldn't be long before he could put animals from the Ark Continent into the space. If that is so, once he reins in some spirit beasts, then this will add to his power.
In fact, back in the Black Waste, Zhao had tried to gather spirit beasts inside his space, but without success. It was clear that the space couldn't store spirit beasts for now. He would have to wait until after he opens the ranch.
Ah, levels. If you play a game with a low level, you'll just get bullied everywhere. Just you wait until I get a high enough level.
While thinking of these things, his undead was moving towards the city. Along the way, they passed by towns, but Zhao didn't go into those towns because they just needed a secluded spot outside of it, then hide in the space overnight.
However, recently Zhao let Green go into those towns to get a better understanding of what they knew. The Immortal mercenary group was such a big thing that it was impossible for people not to have heard of it.
The result was contrary to Zhao's expectations. He thought that it would be a very serious matter, after all, a lot of villagers have died. But he didn't think that this kind of news would turn out to be so common. When the Purcell Duchy heard of what the Immortal mercenary group did, they just took the land that the villages were on, then sent slaves to plow it.
Listening to Green's words, Zhao felt a little faint. For the first time he understood how much power the nobility in the Continent had.
The life and death of those commoners didn't even reach the eyes of those nobles. Maybe they even wanted those commoners dead at some point, so they could increase their area of land.
Zhao gave a helpless smile. He still hadn’t fully adapted to the thoughts and ideas in this world. Perhaps in the eyes of those nobles, commoners and slaves weren't people, but in the eyes of Zhao, even a slave was a person.
However, although the way the Purcell clan dealt with those commoners who were killed by the undead mercenary group was very cold, the way they dealt with the attack on the Markey caravan was with passion. When they heard that members of the Markey clan were attacked, the Grand Duke himself, personally came by to give his condolences.
Also, there was another thing that Zhao had heard. Zhao's identity as an advanced black mage had emerged, and was now spreading everywhere. Such a person was very dangerous, so the Purcell clan was paying attention to Zhao.
Of course, these were just rumors that Green had heard from merchants and mercenaries, but there's no smoke without fire, so it may be true.
It was just as they expected. When an advanced black mage suddenly appears in the Purcell Duchy, of course the Purcell clan would pay attention to them. This was the result that Zhao wanted to see. When the Purcell clan notices them, it might give them a lot of trouble, but in general, this was a good thing. If they focused their attentions at Zhao's identity as a black mage, it would make his Adam identity more secure.
These days, Zhao had found that there were mercenaries and adventurers always around them. He was aware that they were there for surveillance.
They didn't show themselves much on the road, but at night, they would monitor them when Zhao entered the space while leaving his undead to stay outside.
Zhao didn't know that the people who were monitoring them were envious to death. In the Continent, although there were a lot of black mages, the Necromancers who could summon undead were rare. Even if they could summon undead, it would just be skeletons or zombies, the lowest level of undead. And this didn't mention the fact that they certainly couldn't ride a skeleton. The best they could do was have a few skeletons carry them in a palanquin.
Although a Necromancer could summon the lowest level of undead, this was obviously completely different to the skeletal undead that Zhao summoned. The dark green color, the hideous bone spurs, and its traveling speed showed off its power to the point that the people who were monitoring Zhao felt scared. They really wanted to know what spirit beast Zhao had to kill to make this undead.
Necromancers could generally be divided into two types. One of them could directly summon an undead from the ectopic surface. But this type of summoning is by chance, meaning that if you wanted to summon a skeleton, you might suddenly get a zombie. You don't know what you're going to get at that level.
For example, if you want to summon a skeleton to fight, then you might just call out a gray skeletal bust. This kind of thing, not to mention having no feet, it couldn’t even fight. It is of the lowest level, just like weeds. No attack power and no value to its existence other than nutrients for other undead.
However, summoning undead is what is most commonly used by Necromancers. That is because this type of magic is less demanding, even a low-level Necromancer can use it many times. Of course, the higher the level the mage is, the stronger the magic, and so they would be able to summon dark creatures of a higher level as well.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 72 - Landscape
However, this method of summoning undead had one very fatal flaw: time.
If you summon the undead from the ectopic surface, there would be a time limit in which its presence could stay on the Ark Continent. This time limit depended on the level of the Necromancer and the level of the dark creature that was summoned.
Theoretically, with strong enough magic, you would be able to summon a high level undead and keep it on the Ark Continent for a long time. But most of the time limits were short.
There was an exception. If you summon a powerful dark creature, as long as you were willing to pay some vitality, then you could keep that creature on the Ark Continent for a longer period of time. But generally, Necromancers didn't want to use such a method to summon high level undead from the ectopic surface. That was because the higher the level of the creature, the more vitality was needed. If you wanted it to stay on the Ark Continent long term, then you were just being reckless.
The other method that Necromancers could use was the same one that the Immortal mercenary group used, creating your own undead.
As long as the mage killed the person or spirit beast, he could turn it into an undead. However, this wasn't really suitable because turning anything into an undead would reduce its level by a lot.
It was precisely because of this that those who were monitoring Zhao were surprised. If that undead was summoned from the ectopic surface, then it should have gone back by now.
Looking at the combat ability of Alien, they could only judge that it had great strength. So if this undead was artificially created, then how high was its level before it got killed? They were all confused.
A mage, under normal circumstances, could only produce low-level undead. If they wanted to make advanced undead, then they would have to pay the cost of their vitality. If that black mage was able to make such an advanced green undead, then why was he still alive?
The Ark Continent was big, but there weren't many places that could produce undead. In fact, there were only two notoriously, fierce places in the entire Continent that could generate their own undead: Carrion Swamp and Deep Magic. These places were two of the five forbidden areas. In the past century, no one has ever made it out alive from those two places, and in the last thousand years, those who did make it out alive died within the next five years.
For this reason, the Carrion Swamp and Deep Magic became off limits. No adventurers went there, because no one wanted to die.
This was also the reason why Zhao blatantly left his undead outside. He had appeared in Montenegro Fortress, and someone could connect that together with the carrion swamp. So Zhao would be known as the black mage crazy enough to go into the swamp, which would not tie him to Adam's identity.
The next day, Zhao's advancing speed wasn't very fast. It could even be said that he was slow, but Zhao deliberately did this. If they wanted cooperation with the Markey company, then they would certainly have to work with someone that they could trust, and the most appropriate person was Laura. However, she had not yet come back from Montenegro Fortress, so Zhao would get to Casa city before her. But it wasn't a big deal. They didn't worry about it and just slowly moved forward.
While they were moving slowly, Green had already gone ahead to Casa city. Right now, the person who was riding on the undead's head while wearing Green's full body armor was one of the slaves.
Green had gone to Casa city to buy a small estate and do some preparatory work. With all eyes focused on Zhao, when Green did these things, it didn't attract anyone's attention.
Of course, even without Green, Zhao wasn't lost since a map was drawn for him, which included the terrain and other roads. His understanding of this world was too little, but he wanted to know more about the surroundings around his home. However, right now he had to focus on his lack of security. With Green not here, Zhao had to be more careful. He was afraid that someone would be tempted to attack them, since now they only had Meirin to fight, so their fighting strength had been cut down by nearly half.
But in fact, Zhao was just thinking too much. With his identity as a black mage that no one dared to doubt, no one would even try to tease him, especially when they saw that undead.
It could only be said that Zhao underestimated the deterrent that black mages have against ordinary mercenaries and adventurers. They would rather offend a powerful warrior than a black mage. If you offended a warrior, then he would just kill you. But if you offended a black mage, you would most likely be tortured to death, then become an undead that would fight for them forever.
Adventurers and mercenaries weren't afraid of death, but they would rather have their bodies eaten by spirit beasts than to become an undead.
For this reason, they didn't want to risk offending a black mage, especially one that could summon something with that much strength.
Although Zhao wasn't moving very fast, he still attracted the attention of the entire Purcell Duchy. Whether they encountered a caravan on the road or an ordinary pedestrian, they attracted a lot of attention, even if for no other reason than the rumors about their fight with the Immortal mercenary group.
The Immortal mercenary group was very famous, to the point where no one dared to offend their existence. And now they had heard that Zhao went to battle against the Immortal mercenary group, yet weren't killed by them. This aroused a lot of people's attention.
No one thought that Zhao had actually seized the whole group. In their opinion, it was impossible for the Immortal mercenary group to be defeated. They had come out unharmed many times from many battles. Even when they fought against the Xinya clan, and were almost destroyed, they still came out of it with hardly any losses in power. So even if Zhao was strong in combat, no one believed that he could catch up to the undead mercenary group's strength.
Now everyone was paying attention to Zhao to see when the Immortal mercenary group would retaliate.
But everyone was significantly let down. Zhao was just going on his way peacefully, with the Immortal mercenary group seemingly absent. Zhao didn't face any trouble, which was so unlike the style of the Immortal mercenary group.
So under the eyes of everyone in the principality of Purcell, Zhao was leisurely heading to Casa city without any rush, almost becoming part of the landscape. They were all confused.
But to achieve his goals, Zhao had to keep all eyes on him, and for no one to pay attention to the Buda clan. Also, he didn't want anyone to pay attention to the fact that outside Casa city, in a small manor on a small mountain, a hundred gold coins was being exchanged.
This small manor was originally built by a businessman, on a remote hill in the mountains outside of Casa city. It was a barren hill, unable to grow anything. The only thing commendable about it was that the estate was built around a spa.
Obviously, the businessman wanted to build this small estate as a hot spring where you could take a vacation. But unfortunately, he later went bankrupt. Because the estate was too remote, no one was willing to buy it. When Green found out about this, he immediately put down one hundred gold coins to buy it.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 73 - Outside Casa City
The reason Green chose this small mountain was because, firstly, it was cheaper here. It was only one hundred gold coins to buy the manor and the hill it was on. Secondly, it was close to Casa city. Even with an ordinary carriage, it would take just two days to get to the city. A round trip of four days to deliver the radishes and back was entirely feasible. And third, it was very remote. Under normal circumstances, no one would notice them.
In the hills near Casa city, almost every estate had some kind of aristocratic manor that acted as a holiday resort. It was one of several sources of income for those estates. Buying an estate for this reason was very normal, so no one would pay attention to them.
After Green bought the manor, he immediately went into Casa city to try to find out information. He wanted to know what kind of attitude the Purcell Clan had towards the sudden appearance of the black mage. More importantly, he wanted to find out the prices in the city. Right now their money was running out, leaving them with less than fifty gold coins. And if they wanted to sell their radishes, they had to wait until Laura came back.
Fifty gold coins, although it was a lot for ordinary commoners, for them it was too little. Everything costs a lot in a big city like Casa. He feared that fifty gold coins won't support them for long.
Zhao had been moving slowly on the road. What should have taken seven days had taken them a full ten days to get to Casa city. When he finally made it, he didn't go directly into Casa city, and decided to spend the night outside of it. That was because it was already dark when they got there.
Others believed that Zhao was staying outside the city because it was dark, but in fact he was waiting for Green to come back and tell him what he had arranged and what was the situation in Casa city.
At midnight, Green dove into the undead, followed by a hole opening up, allowing Green to enter the space. Outsiders simply didn't notice this. The space did not belong in their category of magic. Without feeling any magic fluctuations, the ones that were monitoring Zhao didn't discover anything.
Once Green came to see them, Zhao immediately greeted him, then asked, "Grandpa Green, how is it?"
Green smiled. "Rest assured, Master. The arrangements have been made. I bought a small estate outside the city. We can stay there until Laura comes back, then we could make a deal with her."
Zhao was relieved. "That's good. Once we settle in the estate, I also want to go look around Casa city."
"Yes, we should go see Casa city." Green nodded. "These days, I found that the Purcell Clan seemed very attached to our clan. But now that the black mage has sprung up, they're now directing their attention at us, so we should make an appearance."
Green sounded like he was making a contradiction, but Meirin and everyone else understood what he meant. They weren't afraid that the people would check out the identity of the black mage that had suddenly appeared, they were afraid of those that would find out their identity as the Buda clan. So Green wanted Zhao, the black mage, to make an appearance in front of these people to get their attention.
Zhao nodded. "Good, I want to see the way they treat me. But there's one thing I'm worried about, the man behind Drunk and the other undead black mages. It has been ten days since I put Drunk and the rest inside my space, so it's been that long since they have not made contact with that organization. Do you think that organization will doubt our identity?"
“That's not very likely," Green said. "We don't need to be afraid of them. Instead, it might be better this way if they come to us. As long as they come, we can find some clues about them."
"So much the better," Zhao said. "Tomorrow, we will go to the estate where we will settle, then we will go to Casa city."
Green nodded, but there was a pained look on his face. "Master, even if we go into Casa city, we still can't buy anything. Right now we only have fifty gold coins. This amount of money is really not enough for us to use." They really couldn't do anything with fifty gold coins. He feared that they couldn't even buy the most ordinary oil press, let alone anything else.
Fortunately, Green had already bought a lot of food and supplies before, so within this short time, they would at least not go hungry.
Zhao shook his head. "We don't have to buy anything, we can just go look around the city. Plus we have to let those people know that we are coming."
Green laughed. "Well, when we get to the city, I want to see how those people will react when they take a look at us."
Zhao smiled, but he didn't say anything. He knew that recently Green had felt stuck when the Buda clan was nearly destroyed. In order to keep Adam's life, he had to bow to those big nobles, which was clearly out of line with Green's character. Then he became overwhelmed by the pressure of the daily life in the Black Waste.
But it wasn't the same now. Although they had another identity, now that they could go out into the world and take action, it gave birth to a new feeling in Green.
With their current status, they weren't affected by whether the people welcomed them or not. At least in this capacity, they could now walk outside and not be afraid of those old nobles who were against them.
A person who had never seen the light, but then one day he was finally able to see the light. It was useless to try to describe this feeling with words.
Green, of course, knew that even though their true identity was the Buda clan, he also knew that they had to put on a performance. After all, to not be suspected, sometimes you had to act high-profile to make a good cover.
Acting high-profile, Green was naturally looking forward to it.
But Meirin was frowning. "Master, if we act too high-profiled, would this affect us in the future? Once we sold the radishes and bought some machines, we would then go back to the Black Waste. So when we go back, wouldn't the eyes of those guys be on us?"
Green smiled slightly. "Do not worry about such things yet. When we get to Montenegro Fortress, we can go into the woods and hide there inside the space for a few days. So even if they turn all those mountains over, they will not find us. Then Master could get Drunk to lead the undead into the Black Waste to cause trouble. I don't believe that those who are afraid of the undead will be able to find our castle. This will ensure that there will be no problem."
Meirin and Zhao felt that this way was good. Right now Zhao had a lot of undead, but they didn't have a lot of intelligence. After all, it really wasn't like Zhao could talk with them. The undead just listened to his commands. They were just like robots. Whatever Zhao ordered them to do, they would do it. But they couldn't speak.
Drunk and the undead black mages were different. Not only were they humanoid undead, they were also advanced undead. They had almost the same intelligence as when they were alive. They could easily communicate with Zhao, so he can make them lead the undead into the Black Waste, so outsiders wouldn't be able to easily enter.
People in the Continent may not be necessarily afraid of the Black Waste, but they were definitely afraid of the carrion swamp. And now there will be a lot of undead spirit beasts from that swamp running around, so no one would dare touch the Black Waste.
Of course, if anyone really did want to go see the castle, Zhao didn't mind letting Drunk and the rest of the undead black mages, with each being at the sixth level, take care of them. Their strength, along with more than a thousand undead, was more than enough.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 74 - Fire Fish
Zhao was standing bare foot while looking around at all the lush mountains. His heart couldn't help but burst with a smile.
When he first heard that Green bought a small mountain, plus a manor, for only a hundred gold coins, he thought it was strange. It was too cheap, right? But when he arrived at the mountain, he understood why it was so cheap. Really, it should have been cheaper.
The small mountain had no specialty other than stone. Everywhere you looked, you could see blue stones with weeds growing between the crevices. This was not a great estate. The whole mountain gave the impression of a guy who was wearing a hat so small that it revealed half of his scalp, which only had a few strands of hair. It looked extremely awkward.
Green, who was standing beside Zhao, naturally saw Zhao's face, and he couldn't help but feel embarrassed. He already knew that this mountain was horrendous. But there was no way they could buy any land close to Casa city with a high price. With the money they had, only this mountain was suitable for them. Green knew that Zhao wasn't satisfied, so he quickly said, "Master, this mountain may not seem like much, but it does have a small manor with a hot spring."
Zhao saw that Green was afraid that he wouldn't like the mountain and manor, so he said, "It's nothing much, but it's still a good place."
Green nodded. To be honest, he didn't really think about it much when he bought this place, other than it was cheap and not too far away from Casa city. If Zhao thought it was fine, then he wouldn't worry about it.
Meirin and Meg was also standing beside Zhao, and although they didn't mention it, they were both dissatisfied with the mountain when they saw it.
Zhao didn't care, and instead went back into the room of the undead's body, then directed it to walk up the hill. He really wanted to see the inside of the estate.
There was a stone road, about five meters wide, that went from the bottom of the hill to the top. The road was clearly not paved with stone blocks, but with natural stones found on this small mountain. Still, when Zhao looked at the road, he thought it was strange. In his past life, although he had never lived on a mountain, he was very clear on the fact that the roads that led carts up the mountain would generally be winding roads.
The so-called winding road would go up the mountain at a gradual angle, by circling upwards. Although this would make the road longer, it created a slope that was conducive in allowing vehicles to move up the mountain.
But the road that Zhao was on went straight to the top of the hill. Inevitably, this created a steep road. If it was in his past life, this would hobble carriages, making it difficult for horses to pull anything as it climbed.
However, Zhao didn't say anything, because he also discovered that there were traces of carriages going up this road, indicating that this route had been used. He also knew that he couldn't judge the Ark Continent based on what he learned on Earth, so he didn't say anything as he directed his undead to walk up the hill.
Soon they came in front of the estate. Its three meter high blue stone walls seemed very strong, with some moss growing here and there, while a lot of paint had chipped off its tall wooden doors. It appeared that it had been a long time since someone took care of the place.
Zhao and everyone else got out from the undead and went up to the wooden door. The door was two meters tall and nearly five meters wide, with paint falling off, revealing the original color of the wood.
Green stepped forward and forced open the doors, giving off a shrill, squeaking sound.
When the door opened, Zhao's eyes brightened. They got a good view of a yard that wasn't any smaller than their castle square.
In this yard was a row of four houses made out of wood and stone, with two meter wide doors, one meter wide windows, and flat roofs. It seemed like these four houses were used as living rooms and reception areas for outsiders. These houses were a bit worn, with many places that were cracked. However, if you wanted to live somewhere that could avoid strong winds, then this place was possible.
Zhao looked at these houses and was satisfied. The manor might not look good, but what did it matter. Almost all of the buildings were built with blue stones as the main material. It was very strong. Although this place hasn't been well taken care of, despite the wind and rain over the years, it didn't suffer any great damage.
Everyone went into the houses and found that the rooms were empty. There was no furniture, so the rooms could be considered fairly spacious. Simply tidy it up, and a person could live here without a problem.
Through this row of houses, they discovered a large patio-style courtyard. In the middle of it was a tree with leaves that were similar to ginkgo, though Zhao didn't actually know what species this tree was.
There was also a small ditch where water was flowing. Zhao was surprised when, from time to time, he could see a few small fish.
Patios, trees, water, and fish, arranged in a very nice way in this courtyard, almost like Chinese-style buildings from ancient times. It could soothe the mind of any trace of anger.
Zhao nodded with satisfaction, then he turned and asked. "Grandpa Green, this environment is really good. But the water isn't so deep and it must be cold in the winter, so why didn't these small fish freeze to death?"
Not waiting for Green to speak, Meirin and smiled and said, "Master, I think that this must be hot spring water. The water temperature is never low, and you might not recognize that these small fish are called fire fish. They're tropical fish with thermal properties. Strange to say, these fish must have been chosen for their properties related to fire and that they can only survive in warm water. If the water temperature was too low, they would freeze to death. This fish is a rare delicacy. They taste delicious, with smooth and delicate meat. I heard that even the king would use these fish to entertain foreign guests. It is fine cuisine."
Zhao was surprised. He really didn't think that there would be such a fish. He crouched down and reached into the ditch, and sure enough the water was warm, even a little hot. The temperature never seemed to be below thirty degrees celsius. Not only were these fish able to survive in these temperatures, they were able to live comfortably.
He watched as the fish swam around in a relaxed manner, then he tried to grab one. But he didn't think that the fish would be able to turn so flexibly in the water, fleeing away from Zhao's clutches.
When Zhao didn't catch a fish, he stood up. "Well, it seems like in the future we will be able to raise some fish. While I release a few undead on the hill to keep us alert, lets also let the slaves out. They haven't breathed fresh air for so many days."
Green smiled. "Yes, ah, letting them come out is good. Maybe they could work on the blue stones in this mountain. I have read that these stones are very hard, a good material to make stone tools. Master, what about using it to make that mill stone? Wouldn't it be a good opportunity to make it now?"
Zhao nodded, then laughed and said, "Grandpa Green, it seems that this time we really picked up a treasure. There is a hot spring, fire fish that we can raise, stones to make what we need, and soon we will make a lot of money."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 75 - Level Up
Mark quietly lurked through the woods. The woods were very tall, mostly only having shrubs. But it was because of these shrubs that the grass here was able to grow long and dense, which was suitable for him to hide himself in.
Mark Purcell was a specially trained killer. His training methods weren’t the same as a warrior's. It was mostly based on a number of light-weights, disguises, sneaking, and assassination. It was an alternative type of training that major clans would give to a few members who weren't afraid of death.
This time the task that the clan gave him was simple. He had to monitor Stony Mountain, because there were some rumors of a black mage named Zhao. This small mountain seemed to have been bought by him, and his clan wanted to know what Zhao was going to do with it.
Mark made it halfway up the mountain when he saw a chaotic situation among the rocks.
Although he didn't see what was happening inside the manor, the outside of the estate couldn't escape his eyes. There was a layer of black fog enveloping the manor. He was very clear on the fact that this wasn't the usual mist that formed around Stony Mountain, but something that could only be made by a black mage. In addition to the darkness, he could see many undead wandering around the mountain. Their large size, dark green color, and eyes that flashed with red fire. Even though Mark was a highly trained killer, his heart felt scared.
It was because of these undead that Mark didn't dare get closer to the manor. He was very good at stealth and assassination, but he feared these undead because they might determine his location without even seeing him. Everyone in the Continent knew that the undead desired fresh flesh. No matter how you tried to hide yourself, as long as you were a living creature, you couldn't fool the undead.
Mark wanted to know what those people were doing on this mountain, but unfortunately, he couldn't see anything and could only lie there waiting.
Since Zhao couldn't use black magic, he certainly didn't create that black fog. That spell was casted by Drunk. It was just an added effect to make people more sure that Zhao was a black mage.
Right now, what Zhao eventually named Blue Stone Hills estate, was very busy. The slaves, now free from the space, were busy cleaning up the manor, putting in the furniture, and making a variety of tools.
This place wasn't the same as Iron Mountain, which barely had any trees and was difficult to find stones that they could mine. Because that mountain had already been hollowed out by dwarves, if they mine randomly, it might collapse.
Stony Mountain was different. The mountain was full of blue stones that they could use, plus the other mountains around them had forests. If it wasn't another person's private domain, then they were free to cut down those trees. So now they could rest assured because of this and had plenty of materials to make tools.
However, Zhao didn't immediately send anyone to go around the mountains to cut down trees. In any case, it wasn't like those tree could run away. Now he just made his undead gather stones and then ship them back to the manor, allowing Ann and the slaves to use them. This way, they were able to make several discs for the mill stones. However, Zhao thought that it wasn't enough. They had a lot of corn, and just a few discs wasn't much. Plus they also had to make a variety of tools.
As for the outsiders, Zhao knew that when they arrived at Stony Mountain, there would be people keeping an eye on them, but he didn't care. He had already become accustomed to it.
Meirin had suggested to cover the manor in a blanket of darkness. Do not forget, Zhao's identity was supposed to be a black mage, who were usually secretive and mysterious.
The estate wasn't that big. It only took half a day for a hundred people to finish cleaning it. Once they were done, Zhao chose a room for himself in the manor. The original owner, Henry, could be considered very intelligent. He had built the manor so that hot water would flow into the rooms, creating spa pools. There was one in the bedroom that Zhao chose.
The only source of water in Stony Mountain came from the hot springs. When the owner built the manor, he took the time to plan it. The water would be divided so they could use it in several different ways. One was for bathing, the other was for drinking, and the last was for the fish.
It could be said that although the manor's appearance didn't look very good, the inside was very well built, apparently designed by a famous expert.
Since everyone in the manor was busy, Zhao didn't have the time to properly soak in the spa. He had to wait until the evening. After dinner, Zhao returned to his room and took his black robe off, then he got into the spa.
Out of the entire estate, his room, which was the biggest room, had the largest spa, which was about ten square meters. The other rooms only had spa pools that were two meters long and one meter wide.
But this manor was built very well. Every bedroom had a spa, which was very extraordinary. And the drainage system was good too. After washing yourself in a bath, you just simply pulled the cork and the water would drain away. It wasn't just convenient, but also hygienic.
Zhao was sitting in his spa, releasing a sigh at how comfortable he was. He didn't know how long it has been since he took a bath. In the Black Waste, because of limited conditions, he could only clean himself by wiping his body. There was no way to comfortably take a bath, but now he finally had the chance.
Gently paddling his fingers, Zhao softly said, "Ah, it feels nice to bathe in a hot spring after a long day. I wonder what will happen if I put this water in the space. I should take a look at the quality of the water."
His hand made a move and a space hole appeared next to him. A surge of hot spring water then flowed into the hole, which then closed. Fortunately, today the slaves were sleeping outside the space, otherwise Zhao would have woken them up.
Once the hot water was in the space, the voice immediately rang out: [High-grade hot spring water contains a variety of beneficial minerals. Extracting useful minerals. Spatial water has been upgraded. Your level has risen to six. The space has reached the necessary requirements. Increasing size for hot springs. You will be rewarded with a bag of broccoli seeds, enough to plant two acres]
Zhao froze for a moment. He knew that there would be a reaction when he put the hot spring water into the space, just like last time with the underground lake water from Iron Mountain, but he didn't think that it would be this good. Did the voice mention a hot spring? What did that mean? Zhao couldn't wait. With a thought, while naked, he stepped into the space.
Zhao discovered that the space was different. Not only was there the spatial water spring in front of his hut, in addition to that was another spring where steam was coming out. It looked like the temperature was definitely not low.
It was a good thing that no one else was in the space because Zhao was in his bare buttocks when he quickly ran to the hot springs. The spa looked promising, but he didn't dare to touch it. With the steaming hot water, he feared that the temperature may be very high, maybe even eighty degrees celsius.
A high temperature of eighty degrees could boil eggs, so Zhao naturally didn't put his hand into the water. If he wanted to soak in a hot spring, he could just go back to his room's spa.
Taking one last look around the space, he saw that nothing else had changed. The oil fruits were growing well, and the corn were also looking good. He might be able to harvest them tomorrow.
Zhao stepped outside the space and back into his spa pool. Lying there quietly, he calculated with his hands.
Right now he had about two hundred and forty thousand catty of radishes, his oil fruits were growing in their eleventh batch, and he had around four hundred and ninety five thousand catty of corn, which had just gone through their twenty sixth batch. Also, two days ago he stopped growing corn for awhile and started planting wheat, cabbages, and eggplants. Now he had thirty two thousand catty of wheat, twenty thousand catty of eggplants, and twenty thousand catty of cabbages. Plus his space had six hundred gold coins, and he had just gotten a bag of broccoli seeds. The remaining seeds were just pasture seeds. All of these things were what Zhao currently had.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 76 - Casa City
These things seemed like a lot, but there was little money in most of it. The highest yield crops were corn and oil fruits, but nobody wanted to buy corn, and oil fruits weren’t worth a lot.
The eggplants and cabbages were planted by Zhao so that he could make a lot of different dishes, but he feared that no one on the Continent would buy them, meaning no money.
The only thing he had that was worth a good price were the radishes. Right now his space only had six hundred gold coins, but that wasn’t enough for the future development of the Buda clan, so he could only rely on these radishes.
As for the corn, Zhao was ready to harvest all of his corn tomorrow, then maybe he could plant some broccoli, though the amount of broccoli seeds he had was only enough for two acres. Maybe he could just use the other two acres to grow wheat, since he had wheat seeds in his barn.
Right now the kinds of seeds he had on hand was too little. When he was on the road, Zhao didn’t collect any seeds of other plants, because people had been staring at him. If he collected any seeds, it would make the people look at him strangely, so Zhao didn’t fool around.
Also, Zhao had thought, even if he collected seeds, he alone wouldn’t be able to get enough. Even if he was more powerful, how many seeds could he actually collect? It was too uneconomical. Instead, after he makes money and some preparations, he could just put out a task for mercenaries and adventurers to do it.
In this world, as long as you had money, you could make mercenaries and adventurers do any task that you requested. Even if you asked for the king of the Aksu Empire to be assassinated, there would be people who would take care of it, if you could afford it.
Zhao, while sitting in the spa pool, was brooding over these things. But right now he had too little money available, and his enemies were too strong, so Zhao decided to maintain his customary low key style.
Suddenly, Zhao was hit by a feeling of tiredness. He shook his head. After soaking in the spa, he actually felt faint. Standing up, he picked up a towel and dried his body, then he went into his bedroom where there was a pot of tea. Pouring himself a cup, he sat on the bed and quietly drank it.
Zhao’s body felt weak. He knew that he had been in the hot spa too long. He had been living with too much pressure lately, so he wanted to be lazy for awhile. Lying there quietly in the spa had felt nice.
But now it was time for bed. Calming his emotions, Zhao decided to get a good night’s sleep. Tomorrow, they will be going to Casa city. He really wanted to see why it was known as the pearl of the northern parts of Aksu Empire.
This was going to be Zhao’s first time going into one of the big cities. He really did have some expectations. Although Adam had lived in the capital, which was the largest and most prosperous city in the Aksu Empire, for Zhao, those memories were like watching a movie in his head. It didn’t feel real. That was why he was looking forward to going to Casa city.
The night passed without words. The slaves were sleeping peacefully outside the space, in the open air.
The next morning, everyone woke up in high spirits. Most of the rooms had a spa, so the slaves were able to take a nice bath.
After breakfast, the slaves went into the space again to learn to read and write words, then Zhao got into his undead and moved straight towards Casa city.
From here to there, if they were riding by carriage, it would be two days away, but Zhao was riding inside an undead. Compared to horses, its speed wasn’t that bad, and since it leveled up, it was even faster. Also, horses would eventually become tired, while his undead just kept on going.
Now it only took a little over half a day before Zhao made it to Casa city.
Because of the few mountains around the city, its walls weren’t traditionally square shaped, but circular. The walls were nearly thirty meters high with six meters of thickness, and it had eighteen gates. Stuck to the wall was the flag of the Purcell clan, looking majestic. From time to time, teams of soldiers would patrol the walls, heroic looking in their silver armors while holding shining weapons. Everything showed that this was an extraordinary place.
Zhao was standing beneath the walls, looking straight up. He had never seen walls like these before, because in his past life he had only lived in a modern city. Looking at these imposing walls, he couldn’t help but think of those ancient Chinese cities. You could definitely count on these walls to stop the momentum of any army.
Zhao could only marvel at them.
By now, Zhao had already returned his undead into the space. The general rule of big cities, like Casa city, was that there was a warning area about five hundred meters away from the walls. If you weren’t someone malicious, then it was best to put your summons away, otherwise the defenders of the city would be likely to count you as malicious and then attack you.
Zhao didn’t know this, but Green did. About five meters away from Casa city, he made Zhao put away his undead. Although they wanted people’s attention on them, that didn’t mean that they wanted to stir up trouble. As long as they maintained a high profile, there was no need to cause trouble. And if they fight, it might expose their secrets.
Green didn’t understand why Zhao had stopped and stared up at the city walls. Such an action could easily lead to suspicion. If it weren’t for those defenders seeing that he was a mage, Green feared that they would have already been questioned.
Fortunately, Zhao only looked for a moment, then recovered. He walked towards the city, followed by Green and Meg. Meirin didn’t go with them because Zhao didn’t want the people to know the full extent of their power.
Zhao waved and walked towards the gate. In front of the gate were two big boxes, which had one word written on it: tax. It appeared to be boxes designed to collect taxes. If the people wanted to go through the gates, they had to put money into the box, or they will be stopped.
However, Zhao didn’t have to pay the tax. He remembered what Green had told him, that mages could live tax-free.
Of course, it didn’t mean that wearing a mage’s robe would make you exempt. If you wanted to live tax-free, you had to go register at the Mage Association and get a badge. No badge, no exceptions.
But Zhao was an exception. Although he didn’t have a mage’s badge, the defenders had already seen him put away his undead. This indicated his identity as a mage, so those defenders didn’t dare block him.
There were a lot of black mages on the Continent that didn’t register with the Mage Association. Except for places like Montenegro Fortress, no one would dare pretend to be a black mage.
Once they got closer to the gate, Green again reminded Zhao of what to do, because he feared that if Zhao’s performance as a black mage was too moderate, then it might arouse suspicions.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 77 - Mage Association
The three slowly walked towards the city, and sure enough, not only did the defenders of the city not stop them, they even formed a ceremonial line, allowing Zhao to go through. In this world, as long as you had strength, you were respected.
They entered the gate, and were hit by a confusing scene. The road was nearly a meter wide, with pedestrians coming and going like flies. Along the roadside were some stalls and shops. Apparently, there wasn't any urban management here. Everyone was crying out, and from time to time the pedestrians would stop and buy something from them. It was extremely lively.
The people on the street were divided into several kinds. Some were just ordinary people dressed in linen, while others wore leather helmets and the clothes of a warrior. But there was hardly anybody wearing mage robes walking in the street.
Just then, a voice called out. "Dear mage, would you like to hire my carriage. It's very comfortable and cheap. I grew up in Casa city, so I know every single street. I can send you anywhere you want to go."
Zhao looked around and spotted a coachman sitting on a parked carriage. The carriage was pulled by a big red horse, while its wagon was painted black with a beautiful pattern.
Zhao didn't know what the horse was, but Green recognized it. Although the horse looked good, it was just an ordinary spirit beast. It definitely didn't match with Zhao's identity.
But even if it didn't match, they had just arrived at Casa city and were still unfamiliar with it, plus they didn't have that much money so they naturally couldn't buy their own carriage. And in this city, it was impossible to freely use magic to summon, so he couldn't just call out his undead. The only way they could find their way around was to hire a carriage.
Green went to the driver and asked, "What's your name? And how much would it cost to hire you for a day?"
The driver didn't think that things would go so smoothly. You know, mages weren't generally short on money, so they would rarely hire a common carriage. He didn't even expect that they would ask him for the price.
The driver quickly answered. "Dear mage, my carriage is very cheap, only one silver per day. And my name is Rocky."
Green threw out a silver coin and said, "I'll hire you for a day." Then he turned around and spoke to Zhao. "Master, please get on."
Zhao nodded. He got on, followed by Meg. The carriage's wagon was very large, able to fit six people. But Green didn't get in the wagon, and instead sat next to Rocky. "Send us to the Mage Association," Green said.
The Mage Association was an organization of the Continent, with each Empire having their own independent association. The Mage Association was specifically set up to serve mages, and not to manage them. In an Empire, a mage had equal status to the nobility, so the association didn't dare to manage them, and would only provide necessary services.
Every mage that was registered with the Mage Association would get ten gold coins per month in subsidies, but of course, few mages cared about that small amount of money. However, registering with the association provided a lot of other benefits. For example, a mage badge would make you exempt from a lot of things that were imposed on others.
Registering as a mage in the association was easy since their policy was very liberal. There was nothing like a test. All you had to do was show off your magic to prove that you were a mage, then you can register with the Mage Association.
Of course, mages going through the registration would be graded with different levels. If you just show off a little magic, you could only register as a mage of the lowest level. That would mean that the only benefits you could get were ten gold coins per month and living tax-free. But if you showed that your strength was at a high level, you would get more services and benefits.
For example, if Zhao had an advanced mage badge, then when he got to the city gate, the association would immediately send a carriage to pick them up. Everything would be arranged for them, their living expenses would be reimbursed, and they would get a monthly allowance ranging between one hundred and one thousand gold coins. Of course, to get this badge, you would need to have enough strength that was at least at the sixth level.
One of the reasons Green came to this city was for Zhao to get a mage badge. It would give them a lot of conveniences.
When Green told Rocky to go to the Mage Association, he saluted and drove his carriage straight towards the association.
The Mage Association was a very special presence in the Empire. They directly got their funding from state finance, specifically to provide services for mages. In the Empire, mages were a very popular career. Even if you were just a stage magician, there would be a lot of people lining up to get on your good side. The only possible exception were the black mages.
Because black mages were very weird, those among the aristocracy didn't want to meet them. Only a few businessmen might visit a black mage. So most black mages usually become mercenaries or risk takers, since they were still very popular among mercenaries.
Compared to other types of mages, the life of a black mage was the most difficult. Other mages were treated as nobles, while black mages were more like commoners.
There were many black mages that would only be issued ten gold coins a month by the Mage Association. You know, learning magic was very costly. You had to buy magic materials and wands, as well as have enough money to eat and drink. Everything was going to cost you.
The Mage Association in Casa city was very impressive. It was a three-story building with an area of one thousand square meters, just two blocks away from the main street.
Directly above the building's door was a large badge that was the symbol for a mage: a hexagram. The hexagram represented the six basic elements of nature: light, dark, wind, water, fire, earth. It was the mark for all mages.
After Rocky stopped the carriage, Green jumped down and opened the wagon's door, letting Zhao and Meg come out of the carriage. They then walked towards the building, but the three didn't even take two steps before a fat man came out quickly. The man was wearing servant clothes, but the fabric was made out of the finest silk. Along with his fat body, his clothing style looked inconsistent. He looked like a nobleman, and not like a servant.
The fat man quickly walked in front of Zhao and bowed. "Dear mage, your servant, Carl, has come here to serve you."
Zhao froze for a moment. He didn't think that the association would send out a servant to serve a mage. However, he still remembered what Green told him, so he just grunted and proudly walked inside.
The first floor of the building obviously was a place to rest. It was divided into two areas. One of them had some couches and a coffee table, while the other had a few dining tables. This was part of the Mage Association's rules. If you were registered with them, you could rest and dine here for free.
Zhao went to the lounge and sat down on one of the sofas. When fat Carl saw Zhao sit down, he immediately waved at one of the other servants, who turned and went into the kitchen, then came out with a pot of tea and some cups.
After putting the cups down, Carl personally poured tea for Zhao, then bowed and stood there. "Dear mage, how else may I serve you?"
Zhao didn't touch the cup of tea. He just sat there and waved at Green, who said, "Carl, we are here today for a registration."
"It is my pleasure to serve such a great mage," Carl quickly said. "Sir, please come with me to the back so we can get you started on our registration procedures."
Zhao gently nodded, then stood up. They followed Carl as he led them to the back of the hall, not seeing the naked flashing in Carl's eyes from time to time. Apparently, he wasn't such a simple character.
Even Green didn't know that in addition of being in charge of the Mage Association, Carl was also an intelligence agent for the Purcell Duchy. In fact, he knew exactly when Zhao came into the city. If he wasn't trying to know more about Zhao, he wouldn't have personally come meet them. Under normal circumstances, a registering mage wouldn't get such a personal reception.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 78 - Unusual Performance
Behind the association's building was a large open space with a length and width of one hundred meters. Some distance away, set at ten meter intervals, were targets that were used to test magic.
All mages that wanted to register with the Mage Association had to cast a spell to prove that they were a mge, and also for the association to know what rating to give them.
Once they got to the grounds, Cart turned to Zhao and said, "Dear mage, please use your magic. Any magic will do. If you want to get an advanced mage badge, then use some advanced magic." He then stepped aside and quietly watched Zhao.
No one knew this, but although Carl wasn't a mage, due to his prolonged contact with mages over the years, he had gained some knowledge on magic and his ability to sense magic power was very sensitive. As long as a mage used magic, he would be able to analyze a mage's level. Eight times out of ten, his judgment would be correct.
It was because of Carl's judgment that he was able to have an inseparable relationship with the Mage Association for decades. Carl slowly built up their system to rate mages, by checking their magic control, what type of magic they used, how proficient they were at incantations, etc... which all reflected a mage's level.
There were a lot of mages that didn't have a low level, but this wasn't proportional to their fighting strength. Those mages have not experienced a lot of combat, so they lacked the capacity to respond and control their magic in tight situations.
Thanks to his superior judgment, Carl was able to ride the Purcell clan's coattails and become head of their Mage Association. Usually, those who served the association at a high level position were mages.
When Zhao entered Casa city, Carl got the news that he was heading to the Mage Association to register, so he immediately decided that he should personally go greet Zhao. In the end, he wanted to know what level Zhao was.
It had to be recognized that most people in the Continent would instinctively reject black mages, including the Purcell Clan. However, when the Markey Clan got news of Zhao's fighting strength, the Purcell Clan had to pay attention to him. If a mage was at a high enough level, clans would want to form a relationship with him no matter what type of magic he used. That was because high level mages were equivalent to nuclear weapons. Although they might not necessarily use such a weapon, it would be enough to deter an enemy just by having it.
If a famous mage in the Continent went to the Purcell Duchy, the Purcell Clan would warmly receive him, even if they couldn't pull that mage into their clan.
But for Zhao, the Purcell clan took a more calm attitude. They didn't take any initiative to get close to him, even though Zhao was very strong. That was because one of the principles of this large clan was that ability takes second place. Loyalty takes first place. The world has so many people, but those who were loyal were few. Even if your abilities were strong, if you always revolted, then no one would dare use you. That was the policy of the Purcell clan. If you were an eighth level mage, but you weren't loyal to them, then they wouldn't use you. They would rather have two loyal seventh level mages, than an unloyal eighth level mage.
Zhao's identity was still a secret and they couldn't find out much about him, so this made the Purcell clan reluctant to draw him in. Right now the Purcell clan was developing well since they had managed to establish their own principality. They weren't adventurous, especially towards unknown factors, so even though Zhao had great strength, if they got him to join their clan, they wouldn't be able to rest well with what little they knew about him. So they gave him the cold treatment.
But despite the cold treatment, they still had to pay attention to him. After all, since Zhao was now in Casa city, the Purcell Clan's face wouldn't look good if they didn't do anything.
Zhao didn't think too much about all of this. He just knew that he was short on money and registering at the Mage Association would at least give him an income of ten gold coins per month. To most mages, this was probably nothing, but it was very important to Zhao. The amount of money the Buda clan had could only add up to fifty gold coins, so this income was equal to a fifth of what they had.
Of course, Zhao knew that he would get an advanced mage badge as long as he released some undead, but he didn't know how much strength he should let these people see. Being too high profile wasn't part of Zhao's character.
In the end, without incantations, he just held up his staff and his undead appeared at his side.
Zhao didn't call out his army of undead. He just wanted to do enough to prove that he could do magic, even though it was actually pseudo-magic.
With the emergence of Alien, Carl's eyes widened. He had worked for the Mage Association for many decades and have seen countless mages using magic. Some of the magic was beautiful, while others were ugly. Some took a long time to cast, while others only took a short amount of time. But Zhao's casting time was really short. He just held up his magic staff and he was finished? Wasn't this a huge exaggeration?
Zhao gently touched his undead. Like a puppy, when Alien was touched by his owner, it madly wagged its tail, almost killing Carl. Feeling scared, Carl quickly jumped away.
After a while, Zhao returned his undead. Carl still wasn't reacting, so Green had to ask, "Did my master pass the test?"
Carl quickly recovered. "Yes, dear mage. This way please." He led everyone back to the seating area.
Once Zhao was sitting in the lounge, Carl turned and ran, then returned with some paper, which he put on the table in front of Zhao. "Dear mage, please fill out this form. This will complete all the formalities."
Zhao took the piece of paper and carefully looked through it. He found that it was very simple. He just needed to fill in the blank about his name, age, sex, and other basic things.
Zhao nodded, then gave the paper to Meg, who understood what Zhao meant. Carl then gave them a pen.
While looking at Zhao's performance, Carl's heart was crying. There were no rules that said a mage had to fill out the form himself, but most registering mages would do so. This was out of respect towards the Mage Association. The association was a national organization, so even those who weren't part of it would still show a little respect.
Carl had wanted Zhao to fill out the form, so as to collect some more information about Zhao. In the Continent, there were special handwriting appraisers that could learn all kinds of things from looking at someone's handwriting. Carl was planning to send the form to the Purcell clan, who could hire someone to analyze the handwriting and see if they could find any clues to Zhao's identity.
But he didn't expect that Zhao wasn't going to fill out the form himself, and instead got Meg to fill it out. His plans had been dashed. This made Carl highly wary of Zhao. In his opinion, everything Zhao did was intentional. It showed that he was trying to cover up his identity, which only dangerous people would do.
In fact, from the very beginning, Carl had been constantly observing Zhao. He saw Zhao’s attitude to the people around him and found that he acted like an orthodox nobleman. He had sent Zhao some tea just to see what he would do, but Zhao didn’t even touch the cup of tea. And so far, Zhao didn’t speak, so he couldn’t judge anything from the sound of his voice. His plans just kept dropping off.
Now his plan for him to fill out the form had also failed, which made Carl feel a deep impression from Zhao. He thought that Zhao must be a famous person on the Continent, but his reputation was certainly not good, so he had to cover his identity.
So what was Zhao’s true identity? Carl had no idea.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 79 - Poison
Zhao looked at the badge in his hands. This wasn't an ordinary low mage badge, but an intermediate one. This badge was personally handed to him by Carl, along with one hundred gold coins.
Green didn't think that Carl would give Zhao such a high assessment. Zhao had just summoned a single undead, and he didn't use any other magic. Yet, he was able to get an intermediate mage badge.
Anyway, an extra one hundred gold coins would be a solution to their urgent needs. This would only add to the future development of the Buda clan.
The three went out to the carriage. Green looked up at the sky, then turned to Zhao. "Master, let's go get something to eat right now. We'll go to one of the restaurants owned by the Markey company."
There were a lot of places in the city that sold a variety of things for living, but they were different from the restaurant and hotel industry. Those places that sold daily supplies were usually on the low end, but you had to take the high road to get to the restaurants and hotels. To eat a meal there didn't just take a few coins. You should know that even one gold coin was sufficient enough for a common household to live on for a month.
Zhao nodded, then got into the carriage. Green told Rocky where to go, who drove his carriage until they stopped in front of a restaurant. This restaurant in Casa city was even bigger than the Mage Association, about four stories tall.
When the carriage stopped, a man dressed in gorgeous leather armor came out. The armor looked beautiful, painted with a layer of reflective blue paint, which made him look sparkling. The clothes seemed to be the security uniform of the Markey Clan’s restaurant.
The man went to the carriage and bowed. "With respect, sir, your carriage is not allowed to stay here. Please follow me over here."
Green didn't argue with him. Instead, he got down from the carriage and opened the door, allowing Meg and Zhao to get out. The three then walked into the restaurant while security directed Rocky to park somewhere else.
When the three went into the restaurant, two beautiful girls dressed in waitress uniforms immediately greeted them and bowed. "Welcome to the Light Prism restaurant, dear mage. Do you have a reservation?"
Zhao didn't say anything. Green just came up and handed them the gold medal. The two girls looked at the gold medal carefully, then gave it back to Green and bowed again.
Green at once said, "Arrange a room for us. We have come here to dine."
The two girls escorted the three into the restaurant and arranged a room for them on the third floor. The rooms in the third floor weren't that much, only there for those who just wanted to eat a meal. Once they were there, Green randomly pointed out two dishes he wanted to order and some soup. Once he finished, Green calculated that the food would cost about ten gold coins, but the ingredients to make it was only one gold coin. Ah, they were really profiteering off of their customers.
After they made their order, the waitress immediately brought them a pot of tea. Zhao didn't move, waiting until they were served their dishes. Once they received their food, Green closed the door to the room and Zhao was finally able to take off his hat. He breathed out. "This was suffocating me. What kind of life would you have if you always had to wear these clothes?"
Green smiled. "It must have been uncomfortable to be unable to speak."
"But worth it," Zhao said. "Anyway, today could be considered a good day since we gained one hundred gold coins, Grandpa Green. Maybe we should buy some meat and give it to the slaves to improve their lives."
"Although we were able to get one hundred gold coins," Green said, "we don't know when Laura would come back, so we should hold on to the money and save it for later."
Zhao nodded helplessly. He had been a little too excited about the one hundred gold coins. If they were to spend it in such a place like Casa city, he feared that it would only last an hour before the money runs out.
Meg poured a cup of tea and held it in front of Zhao. "Master, have some tea."
Zhao nodded, then took the cup. Meg then gave a cup of tea to Green.
Zhao was about to drink from the cup, when suddenly there came a tone and the voice said: [Discovery of toxic substances. Opening host protection program. Extracting toxins. Toxin analysis complete. A chronic neurotoxin that would cause severe damage to the human nervous system. Expected time of death in three hours. Creating the antidote. Antidote creation complete. Please drink the spatial water. Using newly discovered toxins to strengthen robotic objects]
Zhao froze in amazement, then he immediately put down the cup. He looked at Green who was about to take a drink. "Stop! Grandpa Green, the tea is poisoned!"
Green stopped for a moment, then his face changed. He immediately put his cup down on the table and rushed towards the door. He opened it and looked out, finding no one. He then closed the door and sat back down at the table. "Master, is the tea really poisoned?"
Zhao nodded. "Ah, it's a chronic poison. But you don't have to worry, Grandpa Green. The antidote to the poison is already in the spatial water, so you can rest assured."
Green was still frowning. "We're in a restaurant that belongs to the Markey company, so it should be impossible for others to try to poison us. The only culprit is the Markey clan. But why would they want to deal with us?"
Zhao wrinkled his brow. It was strange. Supposedly the Markey clan should have no reason to try to kill them, since they had even helped out members of the Markey clan earlier. But if it wasn't the Markey clan that did it, who else would it be?
Meg suddenly spoke up. "Master, Grandpa, I think that the Markey clan attacked us because of the infighting within their clan. Couldn't that be the reason?"
Zhao and Green hadn't thought of that, but it made sense. Green nodded his head. "That's most likely true. We had shown them the gold medal, which must certainly be an important thing, otherwise why would Laura give it to us as thanks for saving her life. Generally, that gold medal should have announced us as important guests, yet the person in charge of this restaurant didn't come out to greet us. If the person in charge didn't appear, then there must be a problem."
Zhao frowned. "It seems like we have stumbled into the Markey clan's internal struggles. They told the Immortal mercenary group what Laura was doing, and when the group failed to kill her because of us, they might have mistaken us as enemies."
Green nodded. "Master, I think we should leave at once."
Zhao laughed slightly. "Why should we leave? The food's already here. I wanted to see if they poisoned the food or not. If they really dared to do that, I would burn down this restaurant."
Zhao felt ignited. Although he was an otaku that wanted to remain low key, that didn't mean he doesn't feel anger. An honest man wasn't the same as a man without a temper.
Although they still weren't completely sure who was behind this poisoning incident, only the infighting within the Markey clan could have caused it.
"Did you think that your internal struggles had anything to do with me? I was just passing by and saved Laura's life from the Immortal mercenary group. Just for that, you would go so far as to poison me?" Zhao thought to himself.
While thinking that, he picked up a knife and fork and ate the food. To be honest, it tasted delicious. But it wasn't toxic. Zhao told everyone that the food wasn't poisoned.
But just to be sure, Zhao added some spatial water to the pot, which would detoxify the poison. While drinking the water during dinner, no one was afraid of poisoning.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 80 - Leveling Up an Undead
Satiated, they paid their check.
While doing so, Green paid some attention to the attitude of the waitress. He wanted to see if he could spot any clues from her face. If the waitress was behind the poisoning incident, it would show.
However, Green was disappointed because he could see nothing wrong. Even when Green gave her a tip, her actions were quite satisfactory.
Since Green didn't see anything, he followed behind Zhao as they left the restaurant.
They then immediately left the city, since there was no reason to stay. Plus, Green wanted to do some fishing. He believed that the people who tried to poison them would like to see the results. Poisoning a black mage was dangerous, because there were black mages who were masters at poison, so they couldn't be sure if their toxins had worked.
It was precisely because of this that Green believed that those people would come see if they had been poisoned or not. If the three stayed in the city, they wouldn't be able to move around freely, and they might cause a big enough disturbance for the Purcell clan to intervene. Green didn't want to pull the Purcell clan into this conflict. He wanted to deal with the people who would dare poison them.
Once they were outside the city, Zhao took out his undead and rode on it as they hurried towards Stony Mountain. As of now it would take two hours for the poison to take effect. Zhao calculated the time as he started pretending to look more and more poisoned.
Up til now, Zhao had not seen a trace of their enemies, but Green was sure that someone must be following them. Of course, trained killers from large clans wouldn't be so easily found.
The season was spring and it was four in the afternoon, so the sky was still bright. Although the darkness of night would have been more favorable for Zhao to lure his enemies out, the poison didn't give them that much time, so he decided to go near the mountains where they could be alone.
Spending two hours to lead people away from the city was very boring. But eventually, after calculating the time, Zhao turned to Green and said. "It's almost time, Grandpa Green."
They had arrived at the mountains. Although there was a road that led here, it was clear that not many people used it, especially at this time of day. It was now six and starting to get dark. Green looked around and nodded. "We'll work with this," he said.
Zhao got his undead to slow down, then he returned it to the space. After that, the three fell to the ground and laid there, motionless.
Nothing happened in the next half hour as they quietly laid there among the weeds, trying to be as still as possible. Luckily, it wasn't cold at this time of day. But just lying on the ground for a long time was really hard to accept.
It wasn't until an hour had passed when there was finally some movement. Green heard faint footsteps coming towards them.
Although Zhao didn't have as good a hearing as Green, he could still use the screen from his spatial farm. The screen was projected in front of his eyes. Even though he was outside the space, he could still use it to monitor his surroundings. And ever since he rose to level six, his monitoring range had increased by ten meters.
Ordinarily, if a man was walking towards them from fifty meters away, they should be able to hear him. But Zhao didn't hear a sound. If it weren't for the screen, it would have been impossible for Zhao to find someone.
The screen showed a little green dot approaching them.
The green dot was a man that wore dark clothes and was carrying a black sword. He had a long nose and small eyes. Seeing the image of the man, Zhao couldn't help but think of one person: Shi Qian.
Shi Qian was a fictional character from the Water Margin novels. Although he had an ugly appearance, he had amazing thieving skills, earning him the nickname, Flea on a Drum. If this man went to Earth, he could play Shi Qian on tv without needing any makeup.
The man stopped twenty meters from Zhao, then he took out some throwing darts.
Zhao's heart couldn't help but curse loudly. Even though they had been lying here for an hour, this man was still being careful. Just as the man was about to throw a dart, Zhao suddenly summoned Drunk to stand in front of him. Now it was impossible for Zhao to get hit by the dart.
The moment Zhao summoned Drunk, Green also moved. He was an eighth level warrior. With a yellow light flashing around his body, he sprang towards the man. Meg also got up and created a layer of blue to shield Zhao and herself.
Several of the darts were thrown, but it was impossible for them to break Meg's shield.
When Drunk appeared, the man knew that he must withdraw, but unfortunately he didn't have the opportunity. Green was stronger and faster than he had imagined, and was rushing towards him from twenty meters away. Even if he wanted to run, he wouldn't be able to.
So the man simply didn't run.  He closed his eyes and his lips moved, then he spit out black blood as he fell to the ground, dead.
Zhao stood up just in time to see the scene. He really didn't expect that the man would act so decisively. When the man knew that he couldn't escape, he immediately committed suicide by swallowing the poison in his mouth, like you would see on tv.
Green also didn't think that the man would choose suicide as he stood beside the man's body. Now it was impossible to question him. All he could do was examine the dead body, but there were no markings that told them who were the forces behind this man.
Zhao also walked over and looked at the man, then he turned around and asked Drunk, "If we make this guy an undead, could we ask him anything?"
Drunk shook his head. "No, Master. I'm now an undead, so I can only make low level undead. So even if we turned him into an undead, he simply wouldn't be able to answer any questions."
Zhao looked at the corpse, then made his decision. "Turn him into an undead. If they dare to come against us, we should show them what will happen to them."
Obeying his command, Drunk casted a spell. Black gas formed and then floated down to the man's dead body. Once the black gas disappeared, there was nothing but a pale skeleton lying on the ground. Of course, his clothes didn't disappear, and he still had his sword.
With nothing else to do with the man, Zhao threw him into the space. But he didn't think when the man entered the space, the voice would appear and said: [Low class robotic object. Leveling up. Strengthening its abilities and strengthening it with toxins]
Zhao was confused for a moment, but then his face lit up. He summoned the undead man out of the space. The man was now a dark green skeleton, just like Drunk.
"Do you understand me?" Zhao asked.
The man nodded.
Zhao was overjoyed. "What's the name of the forces you belong to?"
The man shook his head. "I am your faithful servant, Master."
Zhao paused for a moment, then he asked a few more questions, but the man just gave that same answer. It was then that Zhao understood. The man didn't remember anything from before he died.
Zhao had a wry smile. He thought that after the level up, the man would be able to tell him something useful, but it appeared to be in vain.
Zhao then asked. "What are your abilities?"
"Master, I can assassinate with darts and I can fight with a sword," the man said.
The man wasn't like Drunk, he was a lower undead, so he naturally couldn't remember things from his past. But with the level up from the space, he could at least now use his assassination skills that he previously had.
Zhao nodded. "Starting today, remember that I am your master, and your name will now be Shift," he said before he returned the man to the space.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 81 - Buying Seeds
Green and Meg had been looking at Zhao, but they couldn't hear the dialogue that was going on. Not understanding, Green moved closer before asking, "Master, what happened?"
Zhao smiled. "I just told Drunk to turn this guy into an undead. And when I threw him into the space, I didn't expect that the space would make him stronger and improve his fighting skills. But this guy doesn't remember anything, so we can't get any information out of him."
Green nodded his head. "Don't worry about that. I think that our enemies aren't finished dealing with us, so there will be a next time. We'll certainly be able to find clues for you, Master. And once Laura comes back, we'll tell her about what happened today and get her cooperation. She'll help us find who did this."
"Yes, it's a good idea to get her to help us. This is related to her as well," Zhao said. "Now I think it's time to go back." Again, he called out his undead, then they moved towards Stony Mountain.
It had gotten completely dark before they returned to the mountain. Zhao was prepared to wait here until Laura came back to Casa city. After they got her cooperation over some matters, they will go back to the Black Waste.
To tell the truth, Zhao had been struggling with this life. In his past life, he had lived in China, which was one of the safest countries in the world. But it wasn't as safe here. Just today, they went out into the city and someone tried to poison them. If his space didn't exist, he would have died from poisoning, which made him feel that this world was very dangerous.
Ever since their return from Casa city, the number of people who were monitoring Stony Mountain had lightened up. That was because by now the layer of black fog wasn't just covering the manor, but the entire Stony Mountain. Now those who were monitoring the mountain simply couldn't see anything. But they knew that there were a lot of undead guarding the mountain, so naturally everyone was afraid to go up. God knows how many undead were in that fog. Nobody wanted to die.
As of now, Zhao was tossing over Stony Mountain. The mountain didn't really have anything useful except for the stones. Zhao got his undead to gather the stones, which would be used to make the discs for the mill stones. He was also planning to bring the stones back to the Black Waste to help repair the castle.
They were short of stones in the Black Waste because the dwarves had dug it all out. Now that they had such a good place full of stones, Zhao was going to help himself to them.
As they were tossing over Stony Mountain, the few people outside that had been watching them were relaxing. It wasn't like they could see anything, and it was boring staring at a cloud of black fog all night.
But it wasn't like Zhao wasn't doing anything. He got Green to take off his glittering body armor, so in the dark of night, Green was able to sneak off to Casa city.
This time Green was going to Casa city for something important. He was going to buy seeds. Zhao needed him to buy all kinds of seeds that were on the Continent. He would like to see if any of those seeds were useful, and if they were, then his space might level up.
Green put on his normal warrior clothes before he rushed towards Casa city.
Although Green was an eighth level warrior who was proficient in martial arts, it was still difficult to run towards a city that was normally two days away. His pace wasn't like an undead's. He required rest.
He ran on the road for half the night, then he found a good place to rest. The next day, he ate some dry food in the morning, then he was on his way again. He ran for an entire day, so by the time he arrived at Casa city, it was already getting dark. Fortunately, the gates hadn't closed yet.
Since Green was dressed in his warrior clothes, he looked like an ordinary adventurer. In one day, the number of adventurers going into Casa city was too many to count, so the defenders simply didn't care. Green just entered the city after he paid the tax, then he looked for a small hotel to stay in.
Everyday, once they completed a task, adventurers would go into Casa city to find food to eat. So Green went unnoticed. Even though this city was controlled by the Purcell clan, it was impossible to observe every single adventurer. After all, the population of Casa city was more than a million.
Continuously rushing for a day made Green feel tired, so he had a good rest at the hotel that night. The next morning, he simply ate a little breakfast, then he went out into the city to look for seed companies.
Casa city was a great city, but it wasn't known for farming. So it was rare to find places that sold seeds and tools. Green looked over the city for a long time, but the only place he could find that sold seeds was a grocery store. Fortunately, they had quite a lot of seeds, which allowed Green to save time.
On the Continent, there were various seeds that were ordinary, like the alfalfa and oil fruit seeds that Green had already bought. All together, Green bought fifty types of seeds. They were crop seeds, so generally not very expensive, and were definitely cheaper than magic seeds, which could cost dozens of silver coins per pound. But the store didn't have any magic seeds for him to buy.
Although Zhao had told him that he didn't need that much seeds, saying that just one of each would do, Green still bought a pound of each type of seed, so he ended up buying fifty pounds of seeds.
Fortunately for someone like Green, this amount of weight was nothing, so after buying the seeds, he also bought some tools as well.
He then left Casa city.
A day went by as Green kept on going on his way. Once it got dark, he stopped and simply rested for two hours, then he continued to rush towards the mountains. He was able to return to Stony Mountain at midnight. At this time, those who were monitoring the mountain were more relaxed. Zhao had said that they wouldn't act in the evening as they would be resting.
This was an opportunity for Green as he easily dived into the Blue Stone Hills estate. The people in the estate were also resting, so Green didn't bother them and went to find his own place to sleep.
Other than Green, it would be impossible for people to easily enter the Blue Stone Hills estate. Zhao had released hundreds of undead, and also had Drunk looking over them. If it wasn't Green going up the mountain, Drunk would have led those undead to attack.
Two days of running had made Green tired, so he went to sleep for awhile. Since he had bought the seeds, there wasn't anything else for him to do right now.
Zhao knew that Green was back, but he didn't hurry to wake up Green. He knew that Green was working very hard these days. Zhao was crystal clear on how long the road is from Stony Mountain to Casa city. It was because of this that he didn't bother Green, and let him have a good rest.
Zhao was also relaxing. Once he had harvested the crops inside his space, he also didn't have anything else to do. Gathering the stones and making the mill stone wasn't his job.
Zhao was too weak. He couldn't lift anything heavy, let alone doing physical work. But he did bring some crops out of the space as food, greatly increasing the motivation of the slaves.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 82 - Three Levels
Green woke up shortly before noon. After he used the spa pool in his room to wash his face, he went out the door.
The estate was now busy. From time to time, the undead would carry in stones from outside the manor, while the slaves were either learning or making millstones.
It could be said that making those stones was hard to do, especially without any tools. If you wanted to make the discs, you would have to spend a lot of time. Plus these slaves weren't real masons. Their skills could only be considered at the apprentice level.
But with the men doing the heavy lifting, and the women doing the cleaning, they were able to grind down these stones. So the entire estate looked like a big stone processing factory. If outsiders were to see this, they wouldn't believe it. The reasons that Zhao came to Stony Mountain was synonymous with mystery.
Zhao was standing in the yard of the estate. It wasn't like he was watching over the slaves, it was just that he wasn't of much help, so all he could do was stand there and send some of the stones, that the undead had brought, into the space.
After such a long time, the slaves got to know what kind of person Zhao was. It didn't matter if you laughed with him, he wouldn't be angry. They became accustomed to Zhao's presence.
This is no wonder because they had been living in Zhao's space, and never far from a source of food and water, and also not far from Zhao. It was precisely because of this daily life that the slaves lost their tension around him. Even though Zhao had been standing there right next to them, they didn't feel uncomfortable.
Then Zhao saw that Green had woke up, so he went to meet him. "Grandpa Green, I hope we didn't wake you up."
"No, Master," Green said as he shook his head. "I have brought back the seeds like you asked. Let's go into the house and look at them."
Zhao nodded, then followed Green into the house. They entered a room where there was a big bag, which contained a large number of seeds, in addition to some tools for masonry. If it wasn't Green, it would be impossible for a person to carry all of this stuff back to Stony Mountain in such a short time.
Green took out the tools first, then handed some bags of seeds to Zhao. The seeds were split into ten pound bags, so even Zhao could carry it into the space. Although he had drank the Water of Nothingness, causing his strength to be less than average, this weight wasn't a problem.
Zhao took the seeds and said to Green, "I will go." He disappeared in front of Green, who didn't say anything while holding the tools.
Inside the space, Zhao couldn't wait as he opened the bag of seeds, which was followed by the voice announcing the long list of seeds, making Zhao feel dizzy.
[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. Improved seeds. Replacing rice seeds inside space. You can now purchase this seed in the shop]
[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. Inferior. No merit. Seed canceled]
[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. High yield. Extracting advantages. Strengthening legumes inside space. You can now purchase this seed in the shop]
[Found new crop seeds. Evaluating seed quality. ...........................]
Zhao couldn't follow along with the long list, so he quickly entered his hut and opened the screen to see the shop. Sure enough, there were new seeds appearing.
Although the voice wasn't finished yet, there was already a total of nearly ten new kinds of seeds. But this wasn't important to Zhao. What he wanted to know was how much this would level up his space.
Once the long list of seeds came to an end, the voice then immediately said:
[Due to the discovery of new crop seeds, your level has risen to seven. If you wish to, you can cultivate two new acres of land. You will be rewarded with a bag of pea seeds, which can fill two acres of land]
[Due to the discovery of new crop seeds, your level has risen to eight. You will be rewarded with a bag of cucumber seeds, which can fill two acres of land]
[Due to the discovery of new crop seeds, your level has risen to nine. If you wish to, you can cultivate two new acres of land. You will be rewarded with a bag of pumpkin seeds, which can fill two acres of land]
The voice stopped.
Because of the seeds that Green brought back, his level had risen by three, but Zhao found this unsatisfactory. He wanted to use these seeds to reach level ten to see if he could open up the pasture. Not only would that increase his source of revenue, he would also be able to put in a lot of powerful spirit beasts inside the space.
But obviously, the higher you go, the more difficult it becomes to level up. Even though Green brought back so many seeds, it didn't raise his level higher than nine.
Zhao sighed, then he went over to look inside the barn. The voice said that he could also cultivate four new acres of land, but land cultivation required money. Right now he only had six hundred gold coins. It wasn't even enough to cultivate two acres, not to mention four.
The only thing Zhao could do was sell something inside the space in exchange for gold coins, then he would be able to cultivate the four acres of land.
The space was still growing oil fruits, he didn't want to lose his corn, and there were too few of the other crops, like the cabbages, so they simply weren't enough money. The only thing he could sell were the radishes.
Zhao couldn't help but curse loudly. At the moment, he had about fifteen hundred gold coins worth of radishes if he sold them in the space. Combine it with the six hundred gold coins, he would be able to cultivate new land, but he would barely have anything left over.
But Zhao couldn't think of another way, so he reluctantly sold the radishes, then cultivated four new acres of land. This cost a total of seventeen hundred gold coins. Cultivating two acres of land at level seven would cost seven hundred gold coins, while cultivating two acres of land at level nine would cost one thousand gold coins. Now all Zhao had left was four hundred gold coins, but then he also had to use one hundred and fifty of that to buy some radish seeds from the shop to grow in the new acres of land.
Originally, he had other seeds that he could have planted in the four acres, but they didn't know when Laura would come back to Casa city. When she returns, and they didn't have any radishes to sell, that would be a shame.
Plus, this time Zhao wanted to see if he would be able to get any radish seeds. If that was possible, he wouldn't need to buy any from the shop, which would help save money.
Sighing, after planting the radish seeds, Zhao came out from the space. To be honest, he was still very disappointed. He didn't reach his desired level, but there was no helping it now. He could only wait until after they sold the radishes.
Zhao felt that once he reached over level ten, something good will happen. He didn't know what, but according to the game routine, after reaching that threshold, his reward will be very high.
The most promising thing for Zhao was to open up the pastures, which would enhance his strength as soon as possible.
Green watched as Zhao glumly walked out of the house. Surprised, he quickly went over. "Master, how is it?"
Zhao shook his head. "Nothing much. The space did level up, but I didn't get what I wanted. It appears that the seeds of common crops won't have that much of an effect. If we want it to go higher, then we'll need to find more advanced level plants."
Green didn't know as much about the space as Zhao, but when Zhao said that the space had level up successfully, he should have been happy, so he asked, "Master, doesn't leveling up mean increasing the land?"
Zhao nodded. "Ah, yes, I have increased it by four acres. But I also sold all of our radishes to the space because I needed the money to buy the cultivated land. All of our radishes are now gone. The only radishes left are the ones that I planted in the four new acres."
Green smiled. "It's not a problem as long as we have more land." Although Green has never played a farm game before, these days Zhao had been telling him a lot about the farm, so he also knew that the radishes could be sold inside the space to make money. In Green's opinion, since the money couldn't be taken outside the space, it wasn't real money, so he didn't care.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 83 - Mosquito Meat
-This chapter was sponsored by Tundy (Slovakia), David F. (US), and Anna J. (Poland). Thanks!!!
Green didn't care, but that doesn't mean that Zhao wasn't sad. How could he not be sad when he knew that in the future, if his level was high enough, then he would be able to take the gold out of the space.
But now everything was useless. They could only wait until after the radishes were sold for the money for the next step in their plans.
Green saw that Zhao was upset, so he tried to cheer him up. "Master, we have rarely gone into the woods to collect seeds from the plants. If we try to collect them now, maybe we'll find some useful seeds, then we won't need to buy them, and it might also level up the space."
Zhao gave a wry smile. He didn't have much hope for that. The Ark Continent had tens of thousands of years of history. In all that time, although the Continent wasn't known for its agricultural development, it was still doing well. By now they were growing crops that were carefully picked and chosen. For instance, when he brought in the bamboo rice seeds, it immediately replaced the rice seeds that were already in the space. What does this mean? It represented that the bamboo rice crops, which were carefully developed, was more excellent. There was no need to mention the plants that grew in the wild because he feared that they wouldn't be better than any crops.
But eating mosquito meat was better than nothing, so Zhao nodded and said, "Well, it's not too busy right now. Let me come and help you, Grandpa Green."
"No, I'll do it by myself." Green shook his head. "If they see me collecting seeds from those plants, maybe those people won't think that it's strange when they find out about the radishes we're selling. It would be our excuse."
Zhao hadn't thought of this point. "Well, then do so, but you have to be careful, Grandpa Green. Stay close to the vicinity of the mountain. Last time, someone tried to poison us, and there might be a next time."
"Master worries too much." Green smiled. "I'll bring out my own water and dry food, so I won't eat or drink anything I didn't prepare myself. Nothing will happen."
"Well, then when you go out, take some of the spatial water. Even if someone wants to poison you, it would be impossible. And you must not go too far, or at least let me send an undead to follow you. If something happens, the undead will bring you back fast."
"No, I'll be fine on my own," Green said.
"But if a big undead were to follow you, it could carry anything good that you might find. Otherwise, I’m afraid that you’ll have to lug a bag around, which might not fit everything.”
Green hadn't thought of that, so he nodded his head. "Will the undead be able to understand me?"
"It won't be a problem. Since their level up, I found a lot of clever undead. Even though they still can't speak, their intelligence shouldn't be any worse than an average person. You can rest assured."
"Well, then I'll go," Green said.
"No." Zhao smiled. "You don't have to worry about it yet. Anyway, it's not like the plants can run in the mountains. Recently, there's not much to do in the manor other than waiting for Laura to come back, so you can at least rest for awhile."
It was just as Zhao said. In this period of time, Stony Mountain was very safe. No matter how powerful the Purcell clan or the other forces were, there were few people who were willing to provoke them since Zhao's identity was known as a black mage.
Nobody wanted to provoke a black mage.
Meirin came over. It was now time to eat, and she was calling Zhao and Green for lunch. Meirin looked at Green, and asked, "How is it? Did it work?"
Zhao didn't want her to worry. "It's fine, rest assured."
Green understood what Zhao meant, so he turned to Meirin and smiled. "We're thinking of me going around the mountains to see if I could find some other useful plants for the young master. He now has a total of eighteen acres of land, and in the future, the seeds from these wild plants might get him more and more land."
When Meirin heard what Green said, she was very happy. In their view, more land equals more money, which would help the Buda clan thrive.
They still didn't know that once the space levels up, Zhao would be able to open a pasture. He didn't tell them yet because he wanted to get it done first.
The manor became busy as several people had lunch. The slaves seemed very happy, and why shouldn't they be. They get to eat and work hard, and learn to read and write as a reward. In their opinion, this was simply living a lord's life.
The slaves weren't educated like normal people. While ordinary people might go through a traditional education, the slaves were taught an education that was meant for slaves. If they had parents who were slaves, then they would also be a slave from the moment of birth, so they would completely accept the enslaving education as their primary education, in which they were taught that their owner was always right. This enslaving education was like brainwashing, to make a person slave from the beginning to the end.
The nobles and slave owners in the Continent have been doing that because of a large scale slave rebellion that happened before. Unfortunately, those slaves were suppressed. Ever since the slave rebellion, those nobles found that suppressing the slaves cost too much money, so they looked for alternatives. They discovered that spending just a little bit of money to educate those who grew up as a slave would repress any feeling of rebellion.
Any civilization that had developed for tens of thousands of years would not be simple. There had to be reasons why nobles would rule the Continent for so many years. Naturally, if they didn't develop such means and methods, how could they stay in power for so long.
It was because of these reasons that when Green bought the slaves, their hearts now belonged to the Buda clan.
However, Daisy and Ann grew up differently than the slaves. They were once commoners, and although the living standards of commoners on the Continent weren't that great, it was still better when compared to a slave's. The most notable part was that if you were a slave for life, then your family will be slaves for generations.
Zhao knew this, so every day he would spend some time with the slaves so they would grow more comfortable being around him. He knew that changing the ideas of these slaves won't happen overnight. Teaching the slaves to know how to read will let these slaves know more about the truth.
Zhao didn't think that one day he would change the world. He knows that he's just a regular otaku. After coming here, he could only achieve things because his spatial farm was a cheat. Besides, he had no ambitions to change the world, especially when he knew that this society had been based on slavery for tens of thousands of years.
He just wanted an easy life. But since he still remembered how he lived in his past life, he was not accustomed to ruling over slaves. So he set it up that as long as you work hard, you would gain freedom as a reward.
As for the Black Waste, Zhao knew that it was his own private property only because all of the nobles in the Continent didn't want it. After all, an ordinary stone was just a stone.
But Zhao knew that once he reformed the soil of the Black Waste, an ordinary stone would become a piece of jade. It was like turning a baby into a cute baby that everyone wants to grab.
So if you wanted to protect your baby, you have to have the strength. The strength that he had now wasn't strong enough. But once he opens his pasture, who would dare offend him.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 84 - Spooky Actions
-This chapter was sponsored by Garfield S. (US). Thanks!!!
Midnight. A tone chimed and the voice told Zhao that his crops had matured, so it was time to harvest. But he just slept until dawn.
He wanted to see if he just left the radishes in the space, if they would grow some seeds. That was why he didn't bother harvesting them right away.
Unfortunately, the next morning, Zhao went into the space only to find that the radishes just remained in a state of maturity, making him very disappointed.
Zhao couldn't help but mutter, "It seems like nothing will happen if I just leave them in the space."
After he said that, the voice came again: [Required to be at level ten to receive seeds from root crops. Please be patient]
Zhao was stunned for a moment, then he became delighted. He thought that he simply couldn't get any seeds from the radishes, but now he just found out that as long as he reaches level ten, he would fulfill the requirement.
This just confirmed for him that level ten was a hurdle that he needed to cross, then he would be able to get even more things.
In a happy mood, Zhao harvested the radishes, as well as the corn and oil fruits, before leaving the space.
Yesterday, Green had a good rest. But today, he was ready to go. In the morning, after breakfast, Zhao took out his undead, which had become very clever. Even though it couldn't communicate with Zhao, it could still perform his commands.
Zhao wasn't worried as he told the undead that it wasn't allowed to go too far from Green. And when four hours had passed, it would stop Green from whatever he was doing, and return him to the manor.
Although Green wasn't afraid of anything, he did not argue against Zhao's kindness. He might not necessarily find any plants they need, but he didn't mind.
In fact, there were a lot of high level plants that could be found in a forest. Some of them were magic plants that were very aggressive, yet could be used as magic materials. If you could get those magic plants to a city, you would be able to sell them at a good price.
For this reason, it was almost impossible to find these kinds of plants around here. These mountains were too close to Casa city. There were a lot of manors and villas built around here. But even if there wasn't any housing, a lot of mercenaries would have still swept through the mountains many times, trying to make some money from selling high level magical plants.
So Zhao didn't hold too much hope for Green finding anything. It was like trying to save a dead horse with medicine. They could only wait until after they sold their radishes. Maybe then they would be able to buy some useful magic plants. Until then, they couldn't do anything.
Those who were monitoring them saw Green sitting on an undead that was walking around the mountains.
Green's movements aroused those people into action as they firmly fixed their sights on that undead. But to their surprise, the undead wasn't heading towards the road, it went directly into the mountains, which scared everyone who had been monitoring the black mage. In the Continent, everyone knew that black mages were usually cantankerous. So these people thought that the black mage must have found them, and was now sending his forces against them. Some of them ran from their spot.
Those who were running were mercenaries that had been hired by small clans. They were completely different from those trained assassins from those big clans. The assassins would try to complete a task even at the expense of their life. As long as the task had been completed, it was worth it. But these mercenaries didn't have such loyalty. They would work for your money, but the moment there was any danger, they would immediately run away.
Green knew someone was monitoring him. When he came out of Stony Mountain, he put up his guard, and found that there were a lot of people in the area. However, Green didn't touch them. He wanted them to watch him.
Under the attention of everyone, the undead carried Green into the forests in the mountains. Once they reached the forest, Green got down from Alien and looked around.
It was obvious that this piece of the forest had already been searched through. Although there were still trees here, there were also many places that had been trodden on, revealing traces of people rummaging everywhere. Green could see many places that had been dug up. Apparently, anything useful had already been poached.
Green shook his head, then walked into another part of the forest, while making sure to carefully look around for plants that Zhao might want. There were many well-known useful plants on the Continent, but he simply didn't even see a shadow of one.
Although Green was a warrior with no knowledge of alchemy, he had lived with Meirin for so many years. Do not forget, Meirin was a mage, so even though she was ignorant about most magical plants, she still knew a thing or two that helped her make magic potions. Because of this, Green picked up some things from her over the years, so he had a little bit of knowledge about magic plants. But he didn't see any.
Green couldn't help but sigh as he explored. But while walking into the depths of the forests, he suddenly saw two wild fruit trees.
Wild fruit trees were common on the Continent, but although their fruit tasted good, they didn't have a high yield, so no one used them in large scale farming. It wasn't a magic plant, so the great nobles wouldn't eat them. And generally, any commoners that had land wouldn't grow them as food. If they wanted to eat these fruits, they could just go into the mountains and find a lot of these common trees growing in the wild.
The two trees were obscured from view, so Green didn't notice them until now. He looked at the two wild fruit trees, then he took out a big sword and cut off a few branches, which he fed to Alien so that they would be carried in its body.
Green did this because these trees were good at surviving. As long as you stuck the branches into wet ground, they would germinate and slowly grow into a new tree, like turning a dead horse into a living horse.
Those who were monitoring Green were dumbfounded. They didn't understand what he was doing. This stuff could be found anywhere in the mountains. Were they some kind of treasure that they didn't know about?
They were all staring at Green's strange behavior. Keep in mind that these people were ready to report anything they find to their clans, as well as collect the plants that Green was collecting, so they could take them home and examine them.
As Green walked around, he couldn't even remember the total number of plants that he had collected. That was because he had even collected the most common plants, including long grass.
Green had been climbing into the depths of the mountains for three hours, finding plants and filling the body of the undead. Finally, he stopped, and then walked straight back towards Stony Mountain.
Once Green was gone, those who were monitoring him immediately grabbed some of the plants that Green had been collecting, and then went back to their clans to give their report. In fact, Green didn't actually do anything outrageous today. He just collected a variety of plants that were worthless. But his actions seemed suspicious.
Green didn't care how they reacted. He only cared about protecting their identity. As long as their identity wasn't exposed, then he wasn't afraid.
By the time Green made it back to Stony Mountain, it was afternoon and time for lunch. Meirin immediately prepared something for him to eat, and Zhao brought the undead full of plants into the space, regardless if the plants were good or bad.
Once those plants were in the space, the voice said .....
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 85 - Powerful Level Up
[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]
[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]
[Discovery of new plants. Detecting possible edible fruit and wine. Disadvantage, yield is low. Analyzing data of saplings. It can now be purchased in the shop]
[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]
[Discovery of new plants. Detecting toxins in the shrubs. Plant has high survival rate. Analyzing data of saplings. It can now be purchased in the shop. Extracting toxins. Strengthening the robotic objects with toxins. Strengthening spatial water with detoxification]
[Discovery of new plants. Toxic barbed vines. Plant has high survival rate. Analyzing data of vines. It can now be purchased in the shop. Extracting toxins. Strengthening the robotic objects with toxins. Strengthening spatial water with detoxification. Extracting thorn protection. Strengthening robotic objects attack capabilities. Extracting raw materials. Strengthening humanoid objects survival capabilities]
[Discovery of new plants. No merit. Do not extract]
[Discovery of new plants. Harmful weeds species. Plant has high survival rate. Aggressive. Extracting advantages. Strengthening spatial herbicide]
................
Over a hundred plants in this long list made Zhao feel dizzy, but he heard several good things, especially those poisonous bushes and barbed vines. If they could be used to make a wall, then that would be helpful.
He also noticed another thing. Zhao didn't expect that extracting the advantages from the weeds would be able to strengthen the herbicide. This was great. If he later used the herbicide, its ability would be stronger.
The rest of the stuff was no good. There were just a few plants that had some basic medicinal effect that wasn't very strong, like the ginkgo tree. They weren't of much use.
However, even Green wouldn't have thought that since this morning, he would have been able to gather so many samples that would help. Although these hundred plants weren't magical and they weren't worth a lot of money, they still had some advantages.
Once the voice stopped speaking, Zhao's heart grew nervous. He didn't know whether or not the space would level up.
Suddenly, the voice came again: [Due to the discovery of new plants, you have risen to level ten. You have now reached the requirements for overall improved functions in the space. The pasture is open. Seeds can now be extracted from root crops. The gold coins inside the space can now be used outside. Increasing size of house. Three teleport points can now be set. Increasing range of monitoring system to five hundred meters in diameter. Can now set the teleport points as the center. A new feature has been added to the space. Host is given a cane that can portably control the space. Cane is binded to the host. Can not be damaged. Can not be dropped. Please select a style for the cane. Congratulations, host]
What Zhao heard made him almost jump for joy. He didn't think that when he reached level ten, the spatial functions would become so powerful. All of these features were what he needed!
Zhao stood there, laughing. But although he heard what the voice said about these new features, he still needed to fully learn how to use their functions, otherwise he wouldn't get the biggest benefits out of them.
Zhao quickly went into the hut and accessed the screen. Once he opened it, sure enough, there was a new file titled [New Spatial Features].
With trembling hands, Zhao took several deep breaths, then pressed the file. A white light came from the screen and shot towards Zhao's head. He felt a little pain, but he knew that he might have to sleep for awhile, so he immediately laid down on the bed and fainted.
A lot of new features filled Zhao's head as he fell into a deep sleep, not knowing how long it would be before he wakes up.
Finally, Zhao opened his eyes. He looked around and stretched. Slowly sitting up, he laughed. "Boy, these are some big changes."
While he was sleeping, his brain completely received all the information about the new features. He felt like he was getting smarter, almost able to recite the information word for word.
He now understood what he could do in the space. The barn couldn't hold any spirit beasts, but now that he could open the pasture, he would be able to establish a ranch that could raise a lot of spirit beasts. However, the spatial farm and the spatial ranch aren't the same game. The ranch is invisible to the farm and the farm is invisible to the ranch. If Zhao wanted to go to the ranch from the farm, he would have to think it to be able to move into the spatial ranch zone.
Like the game, the ranch could be used to raise animals. But he didn't know how many animals he could raise.
Another ability that he got once he reached level ten was that he could now get seeds from root crops, like radishes. So later he could save money on seeds.
Not only that, he could also now take the gold coins from inside the space into the outside world. Before, the coins inside the space were only virtual currency, and couldn't be taken out before he reached level ten. But now if he earned one hundred thousand gold coins inside the space, then they could become real one hundred thousand gold coins. It was another source of revenue.
As for the new teleport point functions, it was one of Zhao's favorites. He can set up to three teleport points, which were actually entrances into the space. In order to get to Casa city from the Black Waste, he had to sit inside his undead for days. But now he doesn't need to do that with these teleport points. If he set up a teleport point on Stony Mountain, and also set one in his castle on Iron Mountain, he could just enter the space and travel back and forth between these two points. However, he could only set up three teleport points. Still, this was a very powerful feature.
And with this level up, the range of his monitoring system had increased. Not only had the range increased to five hundred meters in diameter, he could now see everything within in that range with a teleport point as the center.
That wasn't the only thing that increased. His house has gotten bigger as well. Zhao had a thatched hut where only one person could live in. There was simply no way for other people to come live with him. However, now he could change his hut into something bigger, like a villa.
Finally, also one of Zhao's favorites, was the new feature that allowed him to control the spatial farm portably. All of this power could now be controlled by the cane in his hand, which has been designated to Zhao. He could not lose the cane or drop it.
With the cane, he could use the features of the farm, like the shovel, the bucket, pesticides, and herbicides. All of these functions would be focused on the cane. He could even use it to access his screen more conveniently.
It was because of this feature that Zhao opened the screen again to see if a new button had appeared. There was now a button with a picture of a cane on it. When Zhao saw it, he immediately pressed the button, and then came a list of pictures of canes. There were some wooden ones, and some that were like a sword. Some were gorgeous. Some were plain. And some gave a holy feeling, while others were made of strange bones.
Zhao carefully looked through these pictures. Although he was very fond of a few, he eventually chose the one that was made of bones. It looked like a staff that was used by a black mage.
When Zhao chose this picture, there was a white flash, and suddenly this staff appeared in his hands. The staff was made of pale bones, and at the top was a tiny skull. The skull was green and clear, like it had been carved from some kind of precious crystal.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 86 - Testing New Features
-This chapter was sponsored by Stephanie T (US). Thanks!!!
Once the staff was in Zhao's hands, the voice came and said.
[Ghost Staff. It can automatically shorten or stretch from 0.5 meters to five meters. It can also illuminate a dark environment. And it allows the host to use the features of the space]
Zhao froze. He really didn't think that this staff would have such an effect. What a surprise.
While the first two functions weren't of much use to Zhao, they were better than nothing. The size of the staff was just right, so Zhao was currently satisfied.
Zhao turned around and looked at the screen again. He pressed the button with the store icon and a list of things that could be purchased in the shop appeared. First were the most ordinary seeds. In addition to that were some seeds that originally came from the spatial farm. And finally, there were some plants that belonged to the Ark Continent.
Continuing to look at the screen, Zhao found a button for decorations. He pressed the decorations button, and rows of housing pictures appeared. Sure enough, below each picture was a marked price. It seemed that in this game, he still needed money to buy a new house.
Zhao looked at the pictures, and was finally able to find one that he could afford. What he bought was a little villa-like house, which also had tall fences and a kennel. It only took a gold coin to buy this house.
Once he pressed the button for the house he wanted, everything around him started to shake, then a white light flashed.
After the white light disappeared, Zhao was shocked. He was no longer sitting in his hut, but instead was sitting on a large sofa in a living room. The living room was twenty square meters, while the sofa was big enough to hold five people. The floor was carpeted and in front of the sofa was a beautiful coffee table made of some kind of wood that was cherry red in color. Facing the sofa was a twelve inch screen, and on the coffee table was a remote.
Zhao stood up from the sofa and looked around the house. On the same floor as the living room was two bathrooms, a spa room, a utility room, a kitchen, a dining room, and two bedrooms.
He went into a bathroom and discovered that it was modern. It was five square meters, with a toilet, a bathtub where you could adjust the hot and cold water coming out of the shower head, and a sink with a small mirror hanging over it. The other bathroom was just the same.
The equipment in the kitchen were very complete. There were some Western appliances as well as sparkling utensils that were apparently new. The dining room had an elongated tables that could seat eight people, and on the wall hung an ordinary landscape painting.
The spa room was paved with small, non-slippery stones and the walls were trimmed with tiles. It was a nice room where you could lounge.
As for the utility room, it was filled with everyday supplies, from sinks and tub cleaners to brooms for sweeping. It was paramount to keep a house clean. Zhao even saw an ironing board.
Finally, there were the bedrooms, which were relatively simple. There was a bed, a wardrobe, two bedside tables that held lamps, and a window. The two bedrooms were exactly the same.
But this was just the first floor, which took up one thousand two hundred square meters of land. Zhao then went up to the second floor. There was no living room or kitchen, but there were bathrooms, in addition to five bedrooms. Four of the bedrooms were furnished pretty much the same way as the two bedrooms on the first floor, but the last bedroom only had a thirty two inch screen.
Zhao went back to the living room and sat down on the sofa. He then picked up the remote. It had the same buttons like a regular remote, but on the bottom was a smooth surface, sort of like a touch screen.
Looking at the remote, Zhao pressed the power button. The screen lit up. What was on the screen looked almost exactly like a desktop with icons and everything.
Zhao tried clicking an icon, and the voice came and said.
[Do you wish to set up a teleport point now?]
These words also appeared on the screen. Out of habit, Zhao said, "Yes." After he said this, the screen changed. The words disappeared, replaced by a map.
At that moment, the voice spoke again.
[Select teleport point]
Zhao carefully looked at the map. It was clearly a map of all the places he had been, everything from the Black Waste all the way to Casa city. However, the map only showed these places. Everywhere else was dark.
Just like a computer, there was a cursor in the form of a small white arrow. Zhao saw the cursor, and then he looked back at the remote in his hand. So it was a touch screen! His finger gently paddled across the smooth surface, and the cursor on the screen moved with him.
Zhao couldn't help but smile. He really didn't think it would be so simple to operate it. Carefully looking at the map, the cursor moved to the Blue Stone Hills estate on Stony Mountain, then he clicked on it.
Sure enough, the voice came again.
[The first teleport point will be in Blue Stone Hills]
[Yes/No]
Zhao nodded. "Yes." The tone chimed and the voice once again said.
[The first teleport point has been established in Blue Stone Hills. Would you like to choose your second teleport point?]
In the map, a small green dot immediately lit up on the Blue Stone Hills estate.
Zhao quickly said, "Yes. On the castle in Iron Mountain." He wanted to try and see if the screen had any voice control capabilities.
Yes, indeed it did. Once he finished speaking those words, a little green dot immediately started twinkling over the castle in Iron Mountain, followed by the voice saying.
[The second teleport point will be in the Iron Mountain castle]
[Yes/No]
Zhao nodded again. "Yes." The green dot set down on the castle in the map, then a tone chimed and the voice said: [The second teleport point has been established in the Iron Mountain castle. Would you like to choose your third teleport point?]
Zhao stared at the screen for a moment, then he shook his head. "No, do not build one."
The spatial voice said nothing.
The screen changed back to the desktop. Zhao clicked an icon, and suddenly a three-dimensional map appeared. It showed almost all of Stony Mountain, including the manor. Zhao's fingers moved the cursor across the screen and clicked on the manor's yard.
The image of the yard immediately appeared, then came a chiseling sound. Zhao was surprised for a moment as he looked around. When he couldn't find where the sound was coming from, he looked towards the screen, and he saw people working on the stones, which was where the chiseling sound was coming from.
His face erupted with a smile. Before, the screen never had any sound, but ever since the level up, the screen now had an audio function. This was a surprise.
Zhao then switched the image on the map to show the castle on Iron Mountain. What he saw was basically the same, except now he had a wider range. At one time he was only able to see inside the castle, but now he could see a few things outside of it.
He was so happy he felt like crying tears of joy. He pressed the [OK] button the remote, and the voice came and said: {Do you wish to enter the second teleport point?]
"Yes," Zhao said. He couldn't wait as he put down the remote. While holding his staff, he stood up and with a thought, he exited the space.
Outside, Zhao looked everywhere. He was currently standing in his bedroom that was in the castle. He immediately ran to the window and opened it, giving himself a panoramic view of a land full of black soil. He had really returned to Iron Mountain.
Zhao laughed as he leaned out the window. The space's new features were a really powerful force. It was almost too powerful. With this, he could get things done more efficiently. It would only take a second to travel between Iron Mountain and Stony Mountain.
After a moment had passed, Zhao calmed down. With a thought, he moved back into the space, then said, "Switch to first teleport point." Then with another thought, he exited the space again, but now he found himself in his bedroom in the Blue Stone Hills estate.
As he listened to those chiseling sounds coming from outside his bedroom, he couldn't press down the joy in his heart.
Now that he had learned how to use the teleport points, Zhao knew that it was time to open the pasture and establish his ranch.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 87 - Ranch
Upon entering the space, Zhao at once said, "Open the pasture.”
The tone chimed and the voice said,
[Opening pastures requires you to be at level ten. You have reached the requirements. Are you sure you wish to open the pastures?]
"Yes," Zhao immediately said. He waited for some sort of reaction from the space, but this time he was disappointed. Nothing happened inside the space before the voice said,
[Pastures have been opened. Ranch has been established successfully]
Zhao turned around and looked, but he found that nothing had changed. Not even a shadow of a ranch was there. Although he knew this would happen, he was still disappointed.
With a thought, a white light enveloped his body, then he disappeared. The next thing he saw was a boundless amount of green grass.
Just then, the voice came back.
[Welcome to the spatial ranch. At the ranch's current level, you can raise up to one thousand animals]
Zhao froze. The ranch was just established and he could already keep one thousand animals? This was too good, right?
He looked around, but he couldn't find anything that looked like a house. He was just surrounded by a huge prairie.
Zhao felt it was strange. When he played these sort of games before, there would at least be some simple walls and a nesting area. But how come there's nothing?
He was worried about animal reproduction. In the game, there was a fixed area where the animals could make babies. If there was no place like that, then he was in big trouble. He wasn't a veterinarian. He didn't know how to help animals give birth.
From this thought, Zhao tried saying, "Display area for animal reproduction."
The moment he said this, an area less than a hundred meters from him started to flash with twinkling green lights and a yellow perimeter surrounded it.
When Zhao saw it, he couldn't help but feel relieved. As long as this area was here, he wouldn't have to worry about animal reproduction.
But then Zhao discovered another problem. There was no feed mill like the ones in the game. How would he feed the animals? And he didn't see any water. What would the animals drink?
He could see no way, so Zhao had to first ask, "What will the animals eat and drink?"
The voice came and said.
[The feed that the host adds will automatically be converted into grass for the animal's consumption. One kilometer away is a river for the animals to drink water]
Zhao was shocked. It turned out that the feed would be turned into grass. In the game, most of the animals were herbivores, so this grass would solve the problem. But he was planning to put some creatures from the Ark Continent into the ranch, and there would definitely be some carnivorous predators among them. Those carnivores wouldn't eat grass, right?
Zhao quickly asked this question, but the voice said that there wasn't enough data to give him an answer.
Not knowing what to do now, Zhao asked another question. "What feed could be converted into grass?"
The voice said,
[Found items in the barn that could be used as animal feed. Radish leaves, corn, wheat, and rice]
Zhao paused, realizing that he would be able to use his crops. It seemed like if it could be used as feed, it could be converted into grass.
Now he raised his staff and a white light was emitted, projecting a screen that had a page showing the shop, and below that was another page showing the ranch's shop.
These pages were no different than the game. There were black and white pictures of animals, which represented the animals that he couldn't buy. As for the animals with colored pictures, he could definitely buy those. Right now the only ones he could buy were chickens and rabbits.
Each chicken costs eighty gold coins. Each rabbit costs one hundred and twenty gold coins. According to the game, these prices weren't expensive, but if you were to show them to anyone in the Ark Continent, they would call you crazy. You should know that in the Ark Continent, long-tailed chickens and blue-eyed rabbits were very cheap. Each long-tailed chicken only costs one silver coin. Each blue-eyed rabbit only costs three silver coins.
Zhao immediately decided not to buy these animals from the spatial shop. It was too uneconomical. He only had a little over two hundred gold coins left. If he were to buy from the space, he could only get a maximum of two rabbits or three chickens. But if he were to buy from the outside world, he could buy more than two thousand long-tailed chickens or eight hundred or so blue-eyed rabbits. This would definitely fill up the ranch.
Although he hadn't yet solved the problem about how to raise carnivorous predators, right now just establishing the ranch was fine.
Zhao took a deep breath, and with a thought he exited the ranch and came outside.
The place where Zhao came out was different. The last time, he came out into his room because that was where the teleport point was. But this time, he came out into the place where he had originally entered the space to bring in his undead and the plants that Green got for him.
When he emerged, Zhao found Green and everyone else there. He was stunned.
"Why are you all waiting for me?"
Green obviously had a relieved expression on his face.
"Master, you have been inside the space for over four hours."
Zhao paused. He hadn't thought that he was inside the space for so long. Maybe it was because he had been sleeping, so he lost his sense of time.
Zhao smiled, trying to reassure them. "There's no problem. In fact, something good happened. The space has leveled up. Let's all go into the space and you'll see what I'm saying." With a thought, several people entered the space.
Everyone froze when they entered, not because of any other reason than catching sight of the villa. Zhao smiled when he saw their reactions. "I bought this house from the space for one gold coin. Now we can all live here."
Having said that, he led everyone into the house, then told them to select their own bedroom. Blockhead and Rockhead chose the two rooms downstairs, while Green and Meirin chose their room upstairs, which Meg did as well.
Once they had selected their rooms, Zhao said, "The space has a few new functions, but the one that we need the most is this."
With a thought, they all came out of the space. But this time was a little weird because of where they found themselves. This didn't look like the manor and it obviously wasn't Stony Mountain.
Green looked around, while Meg said with uncertainty, "Master, isn't this your room in the castle on Iron Mountain?"
Zhao laughed. "Yes, this is my room. We have returned to the castle."
Everyone froze, then they rushed to the window. Opening it, they looked outside and found that they really were back in the Iron Mountain castle.
They all looked at Zhao in shock, who chuckled. "The space has a new capability that allows us to instantly transfer between two points. I have two teleport points, one of them is here in the castle, while the other is in the manor. Now we can move between the two locations at any time."
Everyone still had a shocked look on their faces. They didn't think that it would be something this amazing. A journey that took them around two weeks could now be traveled in a moment.
Zhao continued to tell them about the changes that happened when the space leveled up. While doing so, he led everyone to the castle square, where they entered the space again. Zhao chose to enter the space from the square because, in the future, when he returned all the slaves back to the castle, he didn't want them to come out into his room.
Once everyone went back into the space, Zhao took them to the ranch to have a look around. When he told them they would be able to raise a lot of spirit beasts here, they were all happy. If they could raise spirit beasts, it would become another source of income.
Once Zhao finished explaining the new features, they all left the space, but not before Zhao took out one hundred gold coins and gave them to Green.
Tomorrow, Green will go to Casa city and buy three hundred blue-eyed rabbits.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 88 - Back to the Castle
-This chapter was sponsored by Dylan L (Australia), Cody L (US), David F (US), and Raymond R (US). Thanks you guys!!!
Green was excited to learn that the gold coins from inside the space could now be taken out, since this was the feature that he was most concerned about.
He knew that the space was mainly used for farming, and not very good for fighting. But there was a problem with farming when you harvest the crops too frequently. For instance, if Zhao planted nothing but radishes for one year, he feared that it would take a decade for everyone in the Continent to eat all the radishes.
Such a high yield was too much. It would greatly impact the market in the Continent. Trying to sell that many radishes would be a problem.
But that wasn't the same as selling the radishes inside the space. Although they wouldn't be able to get as much gold coins, they didn't have to worry about no one wanting to buy the radishes. What was most important was that the gold coins could now be taken out of the space, that they could use the gold coins as hard currency to buy anything.
After resting for one night, the next morning, Green was on his way to Casa city. This time they didn't conceal the fact that Green was going to buy something.
Once Green was gone, Zhao went to the manor's yard. He got ready to move the slaves back to Iron Mountain castle.
Yesterday, Zhao had discussed this with Green, and he agreed. After all, the estate was small and too close to Casa city. It was time to go back to the castle.
Anyway, the castle was like their roots. They had to go back sooner or later. And now, with the stones from Stony Mountain, not only could they make millstones, but they could also fix up the castle. Although the castle wasn't that damaged, after so many years it would inevitably be falling apart in some places. Mining from Iron Mountain wasn't very convenient, but now they had these stones from Stony Mountain.
Of course, if they wanted to continue to keep people away from Stony Mountain, they had to maintain the spell that covered the mountain in a blanket of darkness. Drunk had told Zhao that once they left, the darkness spell would lose its effect, allowing people to see the manor. Zhao didn't want that, so he planned to leave two of the black mages behind.
Zhao counted on these two, Scales and Brick, to defend Stony Mountain. He allowed them to lead one hundred undead. This should be sufficient if anything were to happen. As long as they could block the enemy for awhile, Zhao would be able to come with reinforcements.
The remaining six undead black mages were going to follow Zhao back to the castle. He planned to leave two of them to guard the castle, while the other four would go into the carrion swamp and capture undead spirit beasts.
Now that the ranch was opened, he would be able to keep any kind of spirit beast, which would help him form an army.
Only after establishing an army of spirit beasts would Zhao dare to start cultivating the land in the Black Waste, otherwise he wouldn't have the guts.
As of now, Zhao was preparing to take Blockhead and Rockhead to the castle in order to manage the slaves and protect them, but Zhao was going to stay behind on Stony Mountain. He wanted to wait until Laura came back. Although he could now take gold coins out of the space, the amount of gold he would get for the crops was too little. It wasn't cost effective. That was why he needed Laura's cooperation.
Zhao started working. He first had to organize the slaves before sending them back to the castle. This wasn't hard to do because the slaves had already grown accustomed to the space. Once they were all inside the space, Zhao said, "Let me tell you one thing. From the space, we can now directly go to the castle in Iron Mountain, where you will build millstones and repair the castle."
The slaves were in a daze while watching Zhao, not understanding what he meant. Zhao looked at them, then continued, "Simply put, the space is like a room with two doors. One door leads to Stony Mountain, while the other door will take you to Iron Mountain. Any questions?"
The slaves didn't have much of a reaction. They had always felt that the space was magical, so it didn't seem strange for it to have this ability.
It was silent. Zhao couldn't help but think that their reaction was too calm.
With a wry smile, he shook his head, then led Meirin and Meg, six black mages, Blockhead and Rockhead, and the slaves back to Iron Mountain castle.
Everyone came out of the space and stepped on to the castle square, which was where Zhao put the teleport point. Once they were out, Zhao took out the stones from Stony Mountain for the slaves to work with. He also took out some food that Meirin made with Meg's help, along with some supplies for living, like blankets.
Right now Scales, Brick, and one hundred undead were waiting at Stony Mountain for Green to come back from Casa city. It shouldn't take more than two days, enough time to settle things here in the castle.
They had been gone from the castle for twenty days. Not much had changed except for the amount of dust.
After a quick cleaning, the slaves made themselves busy under Ann's leadership. They mounted the stone discs together with the wood from the oil fruit tree. The wood was very strong, and after the space leveled up, it was even better. But because of the high oil content in the wood, it was very flammable. However, Zhao wasn't worried about that because there was a moat going around the castle. There was no need to worry about a fire.
Although no one here had full smithing and carpentry skills, making the mill stone itself wasn't that difficult. It didn't require too many technical details. You just needed to grind down the stone and stick the wood in. Anyone could make it if they were strong enough.
Once the slaves started working, Zhao went to find Meirin.
"Grandma Meirin, let's go to the valley and see if anything has changed."
Meirin was also curious about what happened to the corn, so she nodded.
The two people went into the mountain, crossed the underground lake, and have now reached the valley. Zhao and Meirin were surprised at what they saw. They didn't think that the corn would still be growing.
Although the corn seedlings weren't very high, even looking somewhat weak, they were still alive.
Looking at the seedlings on the thirty acres of land he had improved, Meirin and Zhao laughed. After the attack from the army of spirit beasts, they felt like giving up. With the land paved with a layer of toxic soil, Zhao didn't feel too much hope that the corn seedlings would still grow. But now, he was sure that the earth below the toxic soil was still fertile from his land improvement, allowing the seedlings to survive.
Ever since Zhao went on a journey to Casa city, these seedlings could only fend for themselves. It seems like their vitality was very tenacious.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 89 - Minor Matters
These seedlings represented hope. Although they weren't growing well, they still showed a tenacious spirit since the layer of toxic soil didn't stop them from surviving.
Zhao bent down and gently stroked one of the seedlings. It really looked like it lacked nutrition. To be honest, even if it were to grow up, it would be impossible for it to produce much food.
Zhao slowly stood up, then turned around to face Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, I'm surprised that these seedlings are growing, but I think they need some water. Maybe it would help them grow a little better."
Meirin nodded and moved to Zhao's side, but before she could do anything, Zhao stuck out his ghost staff and showed, "Water!"
He knew that the ghost staff could use all the features of the space, so he wanted to try to use it to release water. Sure enough, the voice came:
[Portable cane has detected contaminated land. Do you wish to improve it?]
Zhao said yes, which prompted the voice to say:
[Please select the number for improvement]
A projected screen suddenly appeared in front of him showing rows of numbers, with units between ten to one hundred. Zhao was stunned. He didn't think that he would be able to improve so much land. According to these figures, he could improve up to one hundred acres, instead of the original ten acres that he was limited to. It seems like the level up had given him more benefits than he realized.
Zhao immediately chose the largest number, one hundred acres. Once he finished, a surge of water rushed out of the cane and started flying into the sky. It looked like rain was going to fall on to the land. The moment the land turned wet, it started to change color.
Meirin also noticed this. She was surprised because the area of modified land seemed a bit too large, greatly exceeding the ten acres of land Zhao said he could improve per day. Puzzled, she decided to ask Zhao. "Master, why is there so much water?"
Zhao turned to Meirin and smiled. "When the space leveled up, the area of land improvement has also increased. Now I can improve up to one hundred acres of land per day."
Meirin's face brightened. Looking at the one hundred acres of land, she said, "This is great! Now it will only take ten days to change all this land. Although it's a little late in the season, we should still be able to grow all kinds of stuff."
Zhao nodded his head. Improving one hundred acres of land per day would allow them to make full use of this valley. He thought about what they could do with one thousand acres of fertile land. He still wanted to grow corn because then he wouldn't have to worry about running out of feed for the ranch. If he tried to raise one thousand animals, then they would eat a lot per day.
Right now Zhao was just planting corn because once the weather got cooler, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to grow any more corn out here until next year. Of course, when he couldn't grow corn, he could try planting some bamboo rice, which had a very high yield. Slowly, the rice would become their main source of food.
With the food that Green had originally bought and the food that Zhao had grown, they would have enough to feed the Buda clan for ten years. It was precisely because of this that Zhao didn't worry about food. But that didn't mean he shouldn't grow some more. Once the food was placed in the space, it doesn't appear to rot, so it didn't hurt to try to store as much food as possible.
After all, once they finished the deal with Laura's help, they might eventually buy some more slaves. More people would naturally eat more. Eventually, the amount of food that they had that could feed one hundred people for ten years might not last as long, so he's going to plant some more food.
Not using this thousand acres of land would be too wasteful. If he planted some bamboo rice here, they would never have to worry about a food shortage.
Once the land changed for the better, Zhao held up his staff, ready to plant some seeds. The staff had the power of the shovel, so he was able to dig up the rest of the land, which was about seventy acres. Like magic, the land was opened up without any effort, then the corn seeds were planted.
This staff really could use all the features of the spatial farm.
It was then that Zhao suddenly remembered something. He had the farm tools, just like in the game, but where were his ranch tools? What was that about? Did he not reach some sort of requirement, so the tools were canceled? Zhao wanted to go into the space and look. Things were finished here so he decided to forget the valley for now and go back to the castle.
Meirin naturally didn't know what Zhao was thinking, but when he said that he was returning to the castle, she didn't stop him. She wanted to go back herself.
As they traveled over the water, Zhao thought about giving some more wood from the oil fruit trees to Daisy and Ann in order to make a boat. He couldn't just tell Meirin to help him over the lake everyday.
Previously, he wanted a weed boat because they didn't have any wood, but now that they had some, they could begin to slowly learn how to build wooden boats. Anyway, it wasn't like there were waves in the underground lake, so at least a raft would be sufficient.
They returned to the castle. By now the slaves had already settled in. It was time for Zhao and Meirin, along with Meg, to go back to Stony Mountain.
But before they left, Zhao gave some alfalfa seeds to the slaves and told them to plant some on the mountain. When you harvest alfalfas, not only could these crops be used as feed for the animals, they would also help fertilize the mountain.
After explaining this to the slaves, Zhao went to meet Drunk and the other black mages. Two of them, Punch and Rash, will be staying here with a hundred undead to guard the castle, while Drunk and the other three will be going into the carrion swamp to catch some spirit beasts.
The carrion swamp was a place where people would never go, but Drunk and the black mages were undead, so they were able to fit right in.
But before they went, Zhao properly gave them instructions to mainly stay in the outer perimeter of the swamp and to not go too deep. If anything goes wrong, immediately come out.
Zhao didn't want any losses to occur. Even though Drunk and the rest were undead, they were still Zhao's summons and a very large part of his fighting force, so he didn't want to lose them to the carrion swamp.
But although they were Zhao's summons, the undead black mages were highly intelligent and they had gone through many battles in the Continent over the years. Except for going against the Xinya clan and Zhao, they had never lost. So it could be said that their combat experience was considerably higher than Zhao's. However, they didn't say anything as they seriously listened to his words. Zhao was their master. No matter what, they had to listen to him.
Once he was done talking, Zhao released some undead that they could ride, which was very convenient. In addition to those were some humanoid undead that would protect them. Originally, they weren’t that powerful, but after the space made them stronger, they could now act as guards.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 90 - Magic Peach
-This chapter was sponsored by Christopher K (US). Thanks!!!
Once everything in the castle had been arranged, Zhao, Meirin, and Meg went back to Stony Mountain, although there wasn't much to do but wait until Green came back.
But there was one thing Zhao was interested in: finding the people who moved against them.
Until now, there were little clues as to who attacked them. The existence of these individuals were a big threat, so Zhao wanted to find them.
It was certain that the forces behind Drunk and the black mages were powerful. Because of this, he wanted to know who they were. Such people were like a bomb that you didn't know when it would explode.
To check up on things, Zhao had the two teleport points, which allowed him to easily move back and forth between the two places, like going from your front yard to your backyard. This was convenient. But in fact, Zhao preferred to stay in the space. The space has a hot spring and his villa, plus it has the screen that allowed him to see and hear what was going on in either the manor or the castle, so he didn't actually need to run back and forth.
After Zhao first took Meirin and Meg to take a quick look around Stony Mountain and finding nothing of note, they returned to the villa.
Back in the space, Zhao had things to do. It wouldn't be long before he had to harvest the oil fruit trees, but as for the other eight acres, he decided to plant different things. Two acres of cucumbers, two acres of peas, two acres of pumpkins, and two acres of radishes. When the space leveled up, Zhao got some radish seeds from the radishes, so he decided to use the last two acres to see how many radishes those seeds could produce.
Once he was done, he couldn't just do nothing and stare at the crops, so before long he was inside the living room of his villa, looking at the spatial barn's page on his screen. He found that he really had a lot in his inventory. Oil fruit seeds, wild fruit trees, corn, wheat seeds, rice bamboo seeds, hawthorn trees, barbed vines, magic peach seeds....
Magic peach seeds? What's that?
Zhao's hand made a move and two small bags appeared in his hand. A tone chimed and the voice came:
[Magic peaches are a magic crop. Reaching level ten gives you two bags, each bag has one magic peach seed. One acre of land is needed to plant one peach seed. Magic peaches can heal the wounded and instantly restore a mage's magic. Magic peach pit can also get a war pet from any category. Blood is needed for the pet to recognize the host. Once host is considered the owner, it's non-changeable. Magic peach is a proprietary spatial crop. It can not be taken out of the space]
Zhao stared blankly as he listened to the voice. These benefits had shocked him.
It can heal wounds and also restore magic, but the most important was that the pit of the magic peach could get you a war pet. This was great!
Most people in the Continent didn't have war pets. Some would have mounts, but that wasn't the same as a pet.
Owners and their war pets have a stronger bond, which is usually formed under the Blood Pact law. They would give their blood and vitality to form a contract with a spirit beast, and that beast would become their war pet. But there was a downside. The stronger the war pet was, the more vitality you had to pay. So not many people could hope to get a powerful war pet. After all, their life was more important.
Everybody wanted a war pet, but because of various restrictions they couldn't get one. If the people in the Continent knew about this magic peach, they would go mad trying to take it.
As Zhao held the magic peach seed bags in his hands, he couldn't help but laugh. With this their combat effectiveness would enhance even more.
Meirin and Meg were in the villa, and were alarmed when they heard Zhao's laugh. They ran to find him, not knowing what he was laughing about.
Puzzled, Meirin went around him and asked, "Master, what are you so happy about?"
Zhao looked at Meirin and smiled. "Grandma Meirin, do you want a war pet?"
Meirin nodded, naturally knowing how helpful a war pet was for an expert. "Of course. I think everyone in the Continent wants a war pet."
Zhao shook the bags in his hands with a smile. "Inside of these are two magic peach seeds that the space gave me as a reward. It takes one acre of land to plant one magic peach seed. But once it grows into a magic peach, the fruit of the peach can instantly heal your wounds and restore your magic. But that isn't the most important part. The most important thing is that the magic peach pit can help you get a war pet. Just infuse the pit with a drop of your blood and that pet will belong to you, always following you into a fight."
Although Zhao awkwardly explained this, Meirin understood what he meant. Meirin and Meg stared at the incredible bags in Zhao's hands. If it weren't for the recent magical changes around here, they wouldn't have believed what Zhao said. This was too amazing, right? How could there be such a fruit?
With uncertainty, Meirin asked, "Master, can this magical fruit really do all of that?"
Zhao smiled. "I don't know. That's just what the space said. After all, I have not planted this yet. I'll be ready to once I harvest some of the crops, then I would have the two acres of land I need to plant these two seeds, and see if they are really that amazing."
Meirin's face was flushed with excitement. "It's certainly possible. The space has never fooled us before."
"I hope so. If the magic peach can do all of that, then later you will have your very own war pet." Zhao laughed.
Meirin and Meg were very pleased with this. It was the dream of every strong person in the Continent to have a war pet, and now they had hope of obtaining one, so they were certainly happy.
Zhao opened the bag and poured the seeds out. There was nothing strange about the seeds. They looked very ordinary. Zhao looked over the peach seed several times, but he couldn't find anything special about them. He put them back in their bags, and with a wave of his hand, they moved back into the barn.
Meirin and Meg was staring at the bags until they disappeared, then they withdrew their eyes. Meirin turned around and looked out at the radishes growing outside. "I hope I can see the magic peach as soon as possible."
"Okay, just wait until I have to harvest, then I will plant those two magic peach seeds," Zhao said.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 91 - Radish Seeds
-This chapter was sponsored by Brent T (Australia). A big THANKS to this guy!
Meirin and Meg liked to stay inside the space. It was like paradise.
Especially with the recent discovery that they had made. They found out that when they practiced magic inside the space, their training speed was actually faster than practicing magic outside. This was first discovered by Meg.
Meg was a sixth level mage, so there was room for improvement. She had been in the space before, but she couldn't practice magic back then because she was too busy. There was just no time to practice magic until now, which allowed her to notice that her magic training speed was faster than before.
Feeling this difference, she told Meirin about it.
Meirin didn't practice that much magic anymore. She was already a powerful mage at the eighth level, so she had already reached a bottleneck. Even if she were to practice magic, in such a short time, it would be impossible to break through. Now she was so busy with many other things, she didn't have time to practice magic, and naturally she didn't discover the difference in training speed in the space.
It was only when Meg told her about it that she decided to test it out, and found that her magical training speed really was much faster in the space than outside, at least by half.
Meg also told this to Zhao, but it wasn't like he could understand it. He couldn't practice magic, so this discovery didn't give him that much of an impact. As long as Meirin and Meg enhanced their strength, it was good enough for him.
Eventually, the crops started to mature. It wasn't the radishes, but the peas that matured first. The peas only took eighteen hours to ripen, which Zhao didn't expect to be that fast. He immediately harvested the peas. Not only were peas good to eat, but they could also be used as seeds. However, Zhao didn't plant anymore peas for now.
Once he harvested the peas, he had two empty acres of land. Without needing to think about it, he planted the two magic peach seeds. After all, those things were really useful.
Since there was only one magic peach seed in each acre of land, most of the land was now empty, so Zhao tried to plant some corn seeds in that acre. The result was that the corn seeds withered the moment it was planted.
Now that the magic peach seed had been planted, that acre of land became precious. No one dared to walk over it, afraid that stepping on the ground would affect the growth of the magic peach. So whenever they got near that acre of land, they would take a detour around it.
Two hours afters planting the magic peach seed, the radishes have matured.  For some reason, the radish seeds that he had gained from the radishes took twenty hours to mature. But when Zhao harvested the radishes, he felt a burst of pleasure. In total, he was able to gain one hundred and sixty thousand catty of radishes. That means he was able to harvest eighty thousand catty of radishes per acre.
Now that he had harvested the radishes, he wanted to see how much radish seeds he was able to get. Zhao couldn't help but laugh when he discovered that he was able to gain two thousand catty worth of radish seeds from those two acres. It seems that now he would never have to worry about running out of radish seeds.
Two hours later, the pumpkins had matured. Once he put the pumpkins in the barn, he planted some radishes where the pumpkins used to be. And eventually, he harvested the cucumbers, which took twenty eight hours to mature. In the meantime, he had already harvested the oil fruits.
Checking his inventory, Zhao saw that he had one hundred and fifty gold coins, two acres worth of cucumbers, two acres worth of peas, two acres worth of pumpkins, two acres worth of broccoli, two acres worth of cabbages, two acworth of eggplants, two acres worth of wheat, and all the radishes that took eight acres to grow. Plus he had some oil fruits that he had harvested fifteen times, and corn which he had harvested twenty eight times.
Zhao wasn't going to use the corn as animal feed, at least not directly. Once they use a mill stone, they would soon be able to start processing the corn. And once the corn was processed, they would be able to obtain some corn bran. That bran will be used as animal feed, along with radish leaves and the leftover fruit they would get after pressing the oil fruits. This should be enough to feed the spirit beasts.
Although there were no spirit beasts in the space yet, he would soon have some. Three hundred blue-eyed rabbits was not a small number. He remembered from playing the game that an ordinary rabbit would consume about a pound worth of feed every two hours.
The blue-eyed rabbits from the Ark Continent was probably a similar creature. But Zhao didn't know how much these rabbits would eat, and could only wait until Green gets back to find out.
At least he had a lot of radish leaves. That should be enough to last for awhile. And once the slaves finished planting the alfalfa seeds on Iron Mountain, they could then start processing the corn, which would give him more animal feed. Also, after Laura helps them sell the radishes, they would be able to buy an oil press. Once the oil is pressed from the oil fruits, the leftover fruit could also be used as animal feed.
Anyway, Zhao wasn't ready to raise a lot of spirit beasts. He wanted to leave some vacancies just in case there were some spirit beasts that he wanted to grab.
After he finished harvesting, Zhao felt bored so he went to check up on things with the screen. He first looked around the castle. Needless to say, the male slaves were busy repairing the castle walls, while the female slaves were arranging to go plant the alfalfa seeds. Zhao was very satisfied with this.
The castle walls didn't have any magic protection, so its defensive capabilities was very limited. But it was better to repair it than not to.
As for the alfalfa seeds, growing alfalfa wasn't simple, but neither was it complicated. Just dig a small hole in the ground and plant the seed, then pour a little water. Also, make sure that the mountain was clear of weeds, otherwise they would compete with the alfalfa.
The weeds that had been cleared away shouldn't be wasted. Daisy would prepare the weeds to make some mats. In addition to that, she hasn't stopped her research on building a Caocuan boat, though this time she was using wood.
However, they had to do things step by step. Right now their main job was to plant the alfalfa seeds. The seeds were very small, but because Green wanted to improve the land on Iron Mountain, he bought a lot of them. Their time was taken up with planting alfalfa seeds, weaving straw mats, and researching how to make a Caochuan boat.
Looking at the castle, Zhao didn't see anything wrong, so he decided to link with Drunk. By now Drunk had entered the carrion swamp, but only the outer perimeter. He and the other black mages have not encountered any powerful spirit beasts yet.
It was only through the space that he was able to communicate with Drunk. The range from the teleport point didn't reach the swamp, so Zhao couldn't see what was going on over there. Only by getting answers to his questions did he understand the situation. Drunk seems to have listened to his words. They didn't hurry inside, and was only exploring the edge of the carrion swamp.
Not finding anything wrong, Zhao felt relieved. He then switched the screen to look at Stony Mountain, where Scales and Brick were. Everything seemed calm. Nothing was happening other than the undead gathering the stones.
Bored, Zhao paddled his finger over the remote's touch screen, until he noticed something on the big screen that caught his attention.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 92 - Raising Fire Fish
Zhao noticed something about the ditch in the manor's yard. It wasn't the hot spring water that caught his attention, but the small fire fish.
He hadn't paid attention to these fishes before because he had been busy recently and the number of fish was too small to care about. However, when he inadvertently moved the image on the screen, he saw one of the fire fishes jump out of the hot water, which attracted his attention.
This made him remember what Green told him about the fish. Not only were they delicious, but also very expensive.
Back then, Zhao wasn't at level ten, and so he hadn't established his spatial ranch yet. That was why he didn't take any special notice of these fish. But with his ranch now opened, he could now raise animals. Even though his ranch didn't have a fish pond, he still had a hot spring in his space that could support these small fire fish.
Although he didn't know yet if these fire fish could be raised in his spatial hot spring, it didn't hurt to try. If it worked, they would have another source of income, but if it didn't, then their only loss would be losing a few small fishes.
With this thought, Zhao appeared in the yard of the manor. He walked quickly to the ditch and stood on the edge. The fire fish were just leisurely swimming around. Zhao smiled, then he reached into the ditch. Suddenly, a spatial hole opened. Hot spring water, along with some fish, fell into the space.
The moment the fire fish entered the space, the voice came and said: [Discovery of aquatic organisms. Needs special water quality requirements. Contains edible, delicate meat. Disadvantage is its small size. Improving fish. Analyzing data of fish. You can now purchase these fish in the shop. Needs fifteen hours to reach maturity. Each fish can only reproduce eight times. Each reproduction cycle will produce thirty baby fishes every eight hours. Fish requires feed every four hours. Hot spring in the farm will become their special habitat. You can now use your ranch tools]
At that moment, Zhao felt like jumping for joy, but before he did, the voice came again:
[Connection to ranch tools successful. Net tool can capture target organisms. Ranch is required to reach level ten before the net can be fully effective outside the space. If the net is currently used outside the space, it will only have a ten percent probability of capture]
[Fly swatter tool has a one hit kill ability. Ranch is required to reach level ten before the fly swatter can be fully effective outside the space. If the fly swatter is currently used outside the space, it will only have a ten percent probability of a one hit kill. Attack range can not exceed the monitoring range]
[Command function is set. This feature allows for all creatures inside the space to obey the command of the host]
[Feed conversion function is set. Host can now designate which crops will turn into feed]
After the voice finished speaking, Zhao stepped back into the space. However, he didn't see any fish swimming around in the hot springs.
He decided to open the barn, and sure enough, there was a new image of a fire fish. It said that he only had five small fire fish. Zhao immediately put the fire fish into the hot springs. Although the temperature of the water was high, it seemed to have little impact. In fact, the fish seemed to be swimming around cheerfully.
Going back to the barn, Zhao took a look to see what he could convert into feed. There were some radish leaves. Because he had been harvesting a lot of radishes, he ended up with so many radish leaves. They had been useless until now.
Zhao directly converted the radish leaves into animal feed and delivered them to the hot springs. He really wanted to see what the feed would look like.
The radish leaves turned into something red. Zhao couldn't help but feel surprised as he slowly walked to the hot springs. Swaying in the water were some beautiful, fiery red plants.
The fire fish swam around constantly, but occasionally they would eat one of these plants. Seeing this, Zhao understood that these plants were the feed.
Zhao had just finished when Meirin and Meg came out from the villa. They went up to him, but before they said anything, they saw that something was different with the hot springs.
Before, there was no life, but now there were fishes and plants. Such a change caused the two to look puzzled. Meirin was curious, so she asked, "Master, what's going on?"
Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "Nothing. I just bought a few small fire fish from the manor. And these red plants are the feed for these fish."
When she heard what Zhao said, Meirin couldn't help but feel surprised. She turned around and looked at the hot springs again, but this time she was overjoyed. "This is great! You can raise fire fish here. This will become another source of income."
"Ah, yes, but that's not the best part. I forgot to tell you that these small fire fish will grow into big fish in fifteen hours. Then they will reproduce and make thirty baby fishes, once every eight hours. They can do this eight times."
Meirin was amazed at this. Everyone in the Continent knew that fire fish were very difficult to raise. Even if there was a hot spring, it wasn't easy to raise these fish in large quantities. It was precisely because of this that fire fish were very rare.
They weren't just difficult to support because they only grow in hot springs, it was also because they were very picky about their food. There were many things that they didn't eat or would make them sick. That was why there weren't that many fire fish being raised.
One of the reasons these fish were able to survive in the manor was because there were very few people around, but the most important reason was because of the trees. Although the fire fish were very picky, the roots of this tree was one of things they eat. Since the trees were large, their hairy roots were long enough to reach into the ditch, becoming food for the fish. However, during the winters, a lot of the fish would still die, either because of the cold or because the trees didn't provide enough nutrients. Only a few fish had managed to survive.
Because of the difficulty of raising fire fish, not many merchants were able to sell this fish even though they were worth a lot of money. A single fire fish had a minimum price of two gold coins. Not many people could afford this price. And even if you could afford them, any fire fish will go directly to royalty or nobility.
If oil fruits and bamboo rice were one of the favorite foods of commoners, then fire fish were one of the favorite foods of the aristocracy. So no matter how much fire fish you had, you didn't have to worry about no one buying it.
Zhao didn't quite know this, but Meirin knew. Fire fish would make them money faster than selling radishes or oil from the oil fruits.
It was because she understood this that Meirin was so happy that the fire fish could be raised inside the space. She had only heard of a few places on the Continent that could raise fire fish, and they were able to make a fortune. The previous owner of the manor probably tried to make his own fortune off of these small fire fish, but then gave up when he couldn't raise enough.
Looking at these fire fish in the hot springs, Meirin felt happy. "This is really great! As long as we raise these fire fish, we won't have to worry about money."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 93 - Tracking the Enemy
-This chapter was sponsored by Brent T (Australia). THANK YOU!!!
Zhao smiled. "Grandma Meirin, I'm not ready to raise so much fire fish. If we sell so much fish in the market, wouldn't that make them worthless?"
Zhao's words was like a bucket of cold water, cooling Meirin's enthusiasm instantly. However, it was for a different reason. Zhao didn't want to flood the market with fire fish because it would affect the price, but Meirin was thinking of how it would affect the Buda clan. If people found out that their clan could raise fire fish in large quantities, she feared that the temptation to hunt the Buda clan for this method would be too great.
Meirin scowled. "Master, what you say is true. But the most important is that we must not let people know the relationship between the fire fish and the Buda clan, otherwise we would be finished. Those old nobles would want to use these fish as their own money making tool. We must be careful."
Zhao nodded. "Do not worry, Grandma Meirin. I'll be careful. Everyone only knows me by my black mage identity, so no one would suspect the Buda clan. And I have Drunk catching spirit beasts in the carrion swamp, so pretty soon the Black Waste will be safer."
Meirin nodded, then sighed. "In the Continent, you can't do anything without money. Even the old nobility are always thinking of ways to make more money. Maybe its a good thing that our Buda clan was banished to the Black Waste. At least we could hide there. As long as we don't let people know that we can raise fire fish, we should be safe."
"Yes, it's best that we make everyone forget our existence," Zhao said.
They talked for a while longer before returning to the villa to rest. After checking that there was nothing to worry about in the two places, Zhao decided to stay in the space.
Zhao really liked staying inside the space. One, because the design of the villa was a lot like those on Earth. It felt very comfortable living there. And two, the space was completely in his control, so he never felt weak.
The space never went from light to dark. The sky was always the same color. If Zhao wanted to know if it was dark outside, he had to use the screen's monitoring system.
In the evening, Zhao called in Blockhead and Rockhead to rest in the villa. As for the slaves, they were left in the castle, where there was enough food, drink, and firewood. In fact, the slaves preferred sleeping at the castle. Although the space was very comfortable, they didn't like the idea of sleeping next to Zhao. They never knew if when they were sleeping, Zhao would be awake or not, which made their hearts feel a lot of pressure. At this moment, the castle was more comfortable.
For some time now, while he was staying inside the space, Zhao had been paying attention to the magic peach tree. Fortunately, the growth of the tree was very satisfactory. This peach tree was different from the ones in Zhao's past life. It wasn't very tall, but the whole tree looked like it was carved out of a beautiful crystal.
Meirin and Meg had also been paying attention to the magic peach tree. For them, it was something really important.
In the evening, Zhao harvested some radishes. By now he had about fourteen acres worth of radishes. Once Laura gets back, he should have more than enough to sell.
As of now, the only way to make money was with the radishes, fire fish, and oil fruits. And also, the magic peaches if they ever decide to sell it.
Zhao made some calculations. Because the oil from the oil fruits were cheap and had a high demand, the sale of the oil would be steady.
The fire fish were the most valuable, but Zhao was only willing to sell them in small amounts, otherwise it would draw too much attention to them.
As for the radishes, they could sell them to the general public. Although they were magic vegetables, even commoners would be able to buy them a couple of times. But most of the radishes would be sold to nobles and merchants. It wasn't like commoners could afford to eat magic radishes everyday.
However, while he could sell more magic radishes than fire fish, he still couldn't sell too much, otherwise it would have a large impact on the radish market, and he himself would have to suffer a loss in profits.
Zhao was sitting beside the magic peach tree when his soul fluctuated. Suddenly, Brick's voice appeared out of nowhere. "Master, there's trouble in Stony Mountain."
Zhao froze, then he put up the screen to look at them. The black mages wouldn't have reported to him unless the people that have been watching them have made their move. It seems like their enemies have finally run out of patience.
"Is your report accurate?" Zhao asked at once.
"Accurate," Brick said. "They're moving towards Stony Mountain, and will be here by tomorrow night."
Zhao nodded. "How strong are they?"
"Three mages, three advanced-level warriors, three hundred mid-level warriors, and one hundred assassins. Among the three mages is a light mage."
"Light mage?" Zhao murmured. "I never thought that these guys would bring a light mage. It seems like they have taken great pains to build up their forces."
There was a saying on the Continent. A light mage was a black mage's greatest nemesis. If there was a black mage in a group of people, he would be an outcast. But if a light mage was in a group of people, he would be popular. Light mages usually wore a neat white robe while always having a smile on his face. HIs warms hands would cast dazzling light spells that can heal people's wounds and attack their enemies. They were known as the perfect mage.
Zhao didn't know if it was true that light magic could restrain black magic. If a light mage was at the same level as a black mage, then the black mage would certainly suffer, but that should only be when they were at the same level. Two of the five elements were water and fire. In nature, water can overcome fire, but a glass of water can not extinguish a car on fire.
That may be so, but it has been recognized on the Continent that the best way to deal with a black mage was with light spells. Even if the light mage wasn't at a high level, he would certainly bring a great deal of trouble to a black mage. Since Zhao's identity was a black mage, it was the correct decision to bring a light mage to deal with him.
From this point, it seemed like the other side really wanted to take Zhao down. They had brought three mages, three advanced-level warriors, three hundred mid-level warriors, and one hundred assassins. The fighting strength of this team of people would certainly not be weak. Even if the undead mercenary group were to encounter them, they would take a detour to avoid them.
But Zhao wasn't afraid. To him, only the light mage was trouble. But he had to be ready. He wasn't stupid enough to just wait around. After all, offense was the best defense.
This was also an opportunity. Zhao had to show them who they were dealing with. If the enemy didn't respect them, there would be no end to what they might do.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 94 - Ambush
Zhao told Brick to find out more about their forces, but the undead black mage said, "Master, that's not going to be easy. The other party has a large number of assassins, and since I don't look like I'm alive, I fear that I won't be able to sneak into their camp."
Zhao nodded. "Well, just make sure to tell me the place where they settle down tomorrow."
Brick obeyed, and suddenly there was an absence of sound.
Zhao immediately went into the villa and cried out, "Grandma Meirin, Grandma Meirin!"
Meirin was resting, but when Zhao called, she quickly rushed towards him. "Master, what is it?"
Meg also came out of her room when she heard the sound. Her meditation was interrupted by Zhao's shouting. Meg was trying to accelerate the speed in which her strength increased, so she would have more power to protect Zhao.
When Zhao saw Meirin, he greeted her and said, "Grandma Meirin, I just received a message from one of the black mages. There's an army coming towards Stony Mountain. Three mages, one of which is a light mage, three advanced-level warriors, three hundred mid-level warriors, and one hundred assassins are going to attack the estate tomorrow night."
Meirin's face had a shocked expression. Her eyes flashed. "Can you find out who they are?" Meirin, of course, had often followed Adam's father into the battlefield. Even if she had a good temper, if someone wanted to mess with them, she would not stand for it. It would not do you any good to offend an eighth level mage.
Zhao shook his head. "No, because there are assassins. Brick can't move too close. Since he's an undead, it would be impossible to mix in with their group. But even though it's difficult to find out who these forces are, I told him to pay attention to their movements. I want to know where they will settle down so we can ambush them tomorrow."
Meirin paused for a moment, thinking over what Zhao said, then she nodded. "That's a good idea. But now our strength is too weak. I think you should call back Drunk and the other black mages from their job. We'll need all the help we can get by tomorrow."
Zhao agreed, then he thought of something and his face changed. "Grandma Meirin, what about Grandpa Green? Won't they have sent people to deal with him? He doesn't know what's happening right now."
Meirin smiled. "Master doesn't need to worry. There's a reason that old man has survived for so long. Rest assured, he will come back."
Once he felt better, Zhao said, "Well, I'll go call the black mages back and bring the slaves into the space."
"Tell them to come back immediately. We need to prepare," Meirin said.
Zhao nodded. "I will gather everyone. Grandma Meirin, you go meditate."
Meirin turned to go back to her room, where she prepared herself properly so that she would be in her best condition for battle.
Zhao sent Drunk a message. As for the slaves, he didn't immediately bring them into the space, choosing to wait until the next day since he didn't wish to disturb their night's rest. Staying in the castle was safe enough for now.
The next morning came. Zhao got Blockhead and Rockhead to organize the slaves and bring them into the space.
At noon, Zhao received some news. Brick had told him that the enemy had set camp in a canyon south of Stony Mountain. Upon receipt of this message, Zhao told Brick to sneak back to the manor. After all, the enemy could have people watching over Stony Mountain.
Assassins weren't weak, though what they learn was completely different than an average warrior would be taught. As well as martial arts that made their body light and one hit kill techniques, they were also good at hiding their presence.
Being adept at hiding one's presence meant studying the properties of darkness. Ever since Brick became an undead, his entire body had become one with darkness. It could be said that he could hide himself just as well as a trained assassin. He didn't even need to breathe.
Once Brick was within range of the manor, a hole appeared, allowing Brick to enter the space. He saluted when he saw Zhao.
Zhao waved back and said, "While avoiding people, how long do you think it'll take to get back to the canyon?"
"Before dark," Brick said at once.
Zhao nodded, then handed his ghost staff to Brick. "Take this staff and head on over to the canyon. Don't do anything after that."
Brick obeyed. He held the ghost staff, which became half a meter long, then left the space. Once he was outside, he immediately started rushing towards the canyon.
The ghost staff was one of the benefits of the level up. It was bound to Zhao and was impossible for others to use it. However, it didn't mean that Brick couldn't hold it while running around.
Meirin had been standing beside Zhao, and although she didn't understand why Zhao gave the staff to Brick, she didn't ask. She believed that Zhao knew what he was doing.
Zhao went into the villa and turned on the screen in the living room. They were now able to see outside, but the image on the screen constantly kept changing.
With what Meirin knew about the laws of the space, the screen could only show an image within a five hundred meter range from a center point. Because of this, the image on the screen generally doesn't move around that much. But now the image looked like it was in a hurry, proving that the center point to the space was mobile.
Brick was moving fast, which they could clearly see on the screen. But he wasn't running in a straight line, and instead was moving around in a strange pattern. The route he chose would usually stop in places that were hard to see, like hidden areas with shadows that could cover his body. However, despite this, his speed was certainly not slow.
As Brick moved around the mountains, the image on the screen shook a lot, making Zhao feel dizzy looking at it. He closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them, but he wasn't looking at the screen. Suddenly, he got up and walked out of the room.
Meirin followed him. "What is it, Master?"
"It's nothing. Drunk and the other black mages just came back. I didn't expect them to return that fast."
The black mages had been exploring the outer perimeter of the carrion swamp when Zhao told them to return to the castle. Although he expected them to make it back in time, he didn't think it would be so quick.
Without any hesitation, he pulled them into the space. However, they hadn't managed to capture any undead spirit beasts, so they weren't able to increase their army.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 95 - Once and for All
-This chapter was sponsored by Brent T (Australia). I would like to thank this three time award winning champion donator!
Now was not the time for Zhao to ask Drunk about the situation in the carrion swamp. There were plenty of opportunities to ask something like that in the future, but now they had other matters to attend to.
After more than two hours, Brick had reached the canyon. The canyon was a good location to make camp, a flat area between two mountains that had a small stream. Also, because of the flat terrain, this place made it difficult for people to hide and ambush them.
But not for Zhao. Any place can become a place of ambush, since he could make his army instantly appear in a patch of the canyon.
Zhao and Meirin stepped out of the space and carefully looked over the canyon's terrain. They couldn't get a good look at the opposite party since there weren't any decent hiding places closer than this. This spot was their only option.
Meirin had a certain understanding of the battlefield. If this army was just made up of some random fighters, then with Zhao's power, they would be able to defeat them. But if this army was unified under the command of someone rich in battle experience, then exterminating them would not be so easy. Such a person would be difficult to deal with.
After seeing the canyon, they returned to the space.
They went to the living room in the villa to watch the screen. It was a good time, so Zhao then called Drunk to tell him what happened in the carrion swamp.
The news that Drunk gave him disappointed Zhao a little, even though he expected it. Their job was just to explore the edge of the carrion swamp, so they didn't really gain any insights into the place nor did they find any powerful undead or spirit beasts. Most importantly, they weren't able to get any plants. The area they were searching was like an enormous muddy pond that was difficult to walk in, slowing down their actions.
The first layer of the carrion swamp was a lifeless marsh. Fortunately, the undead that came along with Drunk and the black mages, under Zhao's command, were born from the carrion swamp. The undead had been living in the swamp their entire life, to the point where they could move around by instinct. It was where they were born, grew up, died, and became undead. The carrion swamp was their home.
That was exactly why the carrion swamp was a powerful place. The spirit beasts that died there became undead creatures that was able to slowly level up. The only other place in the Continent that had such capabilities was Deep Magic. People believed that there was a devil in Deep Magic that was able to bring you back to life if you had a reason to continue living after you died.
It was because the carrion swamp was a place that constantly produced undead that made it so strong. Since the carrion swamp was where you could turn dead animals into undead and the fact that it has killed so many experts, it became known as a special place that was off limits.
This was why Zhao told Drunk to be careful. They had to first explore the swamp to better understand it before stirring up trouble. Even though this time Drunk and the black mages didn't gain anything, next time they would prepare for a more in depth look inside the carrion swamp.
After Drunk told Zhao everything that happened, he put the black mages away, then quietly sat in the living room while watching the screen. But Meirin noticed that Zhao simply wasn't paying attention to what was happening on the screen, and was probably thinking over Drunk's words.
"Master, although Drunk didn't gain anything, at least they didn't suffer any losses. It's good enough that they survived the carrion swamp. There is a reason why it's worthy of being one of the five forbidden areas in the Continent."
"No, I don't blame Drunk and the other black mages. They did a good job," Zhao said. "I was just thinking of how big of a threat the carrion swamp is. If we want to create farmland and raise animals in the Black Waste, I would prefer if we could find some way to get rid of it.
Meirin frowned. "That is impossible. After so many years, no one has ever conquered the carrion swamp."
"That doesn't mean that we can't try. No one has ever really tried to conquer the carrion swamp because they didn't live near it like we do, so we have to try."
Meirin understood what Zhao meant. The reason why no one has been able to conquer the carrion swamp was because, first, it was too dangerous, and second, no one lived near it. It wasn't like the carrion swamp would ever be a threat to them. They didn't have to suffer through any painful experiences from it. But the Buda clan was different. If they couldn't handle the carrion swamp, then the Buda clan would never develop. Armies of undead spirit beasts could just rush out of the carrion swamp, destroying everything in their path until there was nothing. It was the greatest threat to the Buda clan.
Blockhead and Rockhead had been quietly listening to what Zhao said. At one point, Blockhead couldn't help but say, "Master, the carrion swamp is a big threat, but as long as we have the space, we will be safe. It's too dangerous to go to the carrion swamp. If we die, it doesn't matter. But if Master dies, we wouldn't be able to face our clan's ancestors. You have to be careful."
Blockhead's tone was heavy. When she heard what he said, Meirin's face changed. Recently, because of Zhao's various fantastic accomplishments, she no longer worried about Zhao's safety. But Blockhead's words reminded her that Zhao was the last child of the Buda clan. If anything were to happen to Zhao, then the Buda clan would no longer exist.
Zhao looked at Blockhead, and he couldn't help but give a wry smile. "You think that I'm messing with the carrion swamp because I want to? The space won't protect us forever. Remember that I drank the Water of Nothingness. I can't learn magic or martial arts, and my body is weaker than the average person. If one day I were to get sick and die, or become old and die, do you think that the space will continue to exist? Once the space is gone, what else do you think the Buda clan has that can resist the carrion swamp?"
From Zhao's words, everyone's face turned white. Zhao waved his hand and continued, "The Water of Nothingness doesn't just affect me. My descendants up to twelve generations would also be unable to learn magic or martial arts. Once I am gone, I fear that it would be impossible for the Buda clan to stop any spirit beast attacks. We need to resolve our situation with the carrion swamp once and for all."
Meirin opened her mouth. She wanted to say something, but in the end she didn't say anything. What Zhao said was true. Zhao's amazing magical space was something the Buda clan depended on. If one day it was really gone, then they would be finished.
In Zhao's eyes, he wanted the Buda clan to endure for generations, so they had to address the threat of the carrion swamp.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 96 - Renamed
Meirin was very clear on the fact that drinking the Water of Nothingness would make your body weaker than the average person. If Zhao were to die, then they would lose the space that the Buda clan heavily relies on.
What was most important was the undead from the carrion swamp and Drunk and the black mages. If the space were to one day disappear, would those guys disappear as well? Even worse, what if those guys didn't disappear and their evil nature was restored? That would be trouble.
They had to pay attention to Zhao's safety, not only for the space, but also because he was the last child of the Buda clan. If he weren't the only one, and there were actually many heirs, then they wouldn't pay that much attention to Zhao.
It was tradition that only an heir could inherit the family name, and the nobles upheld tradition. As long as the family name could be passed along, and the clan remains a noble clan, then they could make a comeback one day.
Because of Zhao's words, the people in the room didn't know what to say.
Zhao looked at everyone and smiled a little. When he came to this world, he became Adam Buda, the sole heir to the clan. If the Buda clan wanted to develop, they had to rely on him and his future descendants. If he ever died, then they would need the support of his children, but Zhao didn't think that his children would inherit the space. If his children couldn't inherit the space, nor could they not learn magic and martial arts, then the Buda clan would just be bullied until they were no more.
Even if he had children, their young mentality might not be enough to figure out the problems of the Buda clan. In fact, Zhao's mental age was around thirty years old, from his time on Earth. He didn't think like a child. He often thought about falling in love. Zhao fancied himself that one day he would have a wife and kids, living in a house with a white picket fence.
But ever since he came to the Ark Continent, he had been too busy to think about those things. He was no longer Zhao from Earth, but Adam Buda, the sole heir to the Buda clan. Not only did he inherit Adam's body, but also his responsibilities.
It wasn't easy. There were enemies all around. They were surrounded by one of the Continent's five forbidden areas, and from time to time there would be outbreaks of spirit beasts. Even though he had the space, he had to be careful. One wrong step and it would be over.
As he looked at Meirin, he didn't have the heart to tell her that, so he said, "Solving the carrion swamp crisis is not impossible. The reason that no one has conquered the carrion swamp after so many years is because they didn't have the space. The spirit beasts from the swamp may be powerful, but as long as they are captured by the space, then they will become loyal to us. As for the swamp's poisonous atmosphere, we don't have to worry about that. We just need to gather its toxic plants and slowly accumulate them so the spatial water could strengthen its detoxification effects. With this, we do not need to worry about the carrion swamp."
It was like Meirin was going through mood swings. Initially, she wasn't worried because she knew that Zhao had been leveling up the space, making it more powerful. But then she suddenly realized how big of a threat the carrion swamp was if Zhao were to die and the space were to disappear. Then finally, from what Zhao just said, even if she hadn't fully settled down, she still felt relieved. "It seems like you've developed a good plan. When Drunk and the black mages catch the powerful undead spirit beats, the swamp's strength would gradually decline, while our strength will increase. In the future, maybe we can solve the problem of the carrion swamp."
"Yes, we can say that the Buda clan has been forced to the end of its tether. If we can not take root in the Black Waste, the Buda clan will likely disappear, so we have to do everything we can to survive," Zhao said, then he turned to Meirin. "Grandma Meirin, I thought it over, and starting today I will be renamed as Zhao Buda. The Adam name is dead, so now call me Zhao."
In his past life, he had been called Zhao for three decades, but after coming here, he was given the name Adam Buda, even though he didn't want to be called by that name. Do not forget, it was a name he brought from Earth. In addition to the space, it was the only thing that connected him to his past life.
Meirin didn't react to the fact that Zhao wanted to change his name. As long as his surname remained the same, then it was fine. Meirin had a lot of respect for Zhao, even more than Zhao's father. It was because of the space. She had never seen such a powerful ability before.
Even though the space had no attack capabilities, with the space, no one would be able to harm Zhao.
But there was something that Meirin didn't find out. The space's mind control program. If there were people that were dead set against Zhao, like Blockhead and Rockhead, who had originally only listened to Green, the space would then make them respect Zhao. After all, they had watched as Zhao grew up into a troublemaker, and they treated him as such, but after entering the space, the way they thought of him became completely different.
However, even if the space made them respect Zhao, it didn't take away their own independent thoughts. If they think that Zhao is doing something wrong, they will oppose him. They will not blindly respect him. It was precisely because of this that Zhao and everyone else hadn't discovered any abnormalities caused by the space.
Meirin nodded at the name change. "This is no big deal. Anyway, it's not like Master can walk around on the Continent with the name Adam, so calling you Zhao is a good idea."
Suddenly, something flashed on the screen, attracting Zhao's attention. Everyone looked at the screen, and they saw several of the assassins surrounding the canyon. It seems like the last of the enemy's army had finally arrived.
Zhao carefully observed the assassins' actions. Although the screen only had a range of five hundred meters, it still gave him a good look of the canyon. They looked like they were guarding the canyon from anyone who wanted to sneak past them.
Zhao couldn't help but nod his head, then he turned to Meirin. "This time we're dealing with people that are very careful. I better move Brick into the space, otherwise they might find him."
"Yes, ah, these people are well organized," Meirin said. "Master, call Drunk and other black mages here as well. Let them get a good look at the people camped in the canyon."
Zhao nodded, then he called forth all the eight black mages to him. They came to Zhao's side when they received his summons, then after saluting him, they stared at the screen like Zhao told them to.
The image on the screen changed. The assassins paused, then they scattered around a brigade of troops that have just entered the camp. This brigade was mostly made up of warriors that were walking. Aside from them were three mages and three warriors riding on horses.
One of the mages was dressed in a white robe. This robe was completely different from Zhao's black robe, it was gorgeous, had no hat, and it was silky smooth. Its white color shined with light under the afternoon sun. Along with the gorgeous robe, the light mage was holding a white staff that was studded with a huge transparent crystal that flashed the seven colors of the rainbow whenever the sun shined on it.
The light mage himself looked young, evidently only around thirty years old. He appeared to be kind with a gentle smile on his face, someone you could have a leisurely chat with.
But Zhao had a different opinion.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 97 - Green Returns
-This chapter was sponsored by Anna J (Poland). Thanks!!!
Meirin carefully looked at this man. "The white robes obviously indicate him as a light mage, but he still looks like he's at a low level, probably just the sixth level."
Everyone nodded. To tell the truth, this person didn't look like he could be compared to someone as strong as Meirin.
However, Drunk spoke up. "This man is named Garan, a light mage of the seventh level. Two years ago, our group fought against him and suffered a small loss, although he didn't do much better. He brought a team of fifty people that managed to injure us, but in the end, no one on his team was left alive, except for him. Not only is this guy a light based mage with strong attack power, he's also skilled at summoning with light magic. He is very difficult to cope with."
Zhao was surprised. He didn't expect that Drunk would know this person, so he quickly asked, "What is the origin of this person? Why did he fight you?"
Drunk sneered. "Light mages are hypocrites. They say that they're the voice of God and that light magic is the most valued out of all other magic, especially black magic. They use a variety of excuses to treat black magic as dirt. It was because of them that black mages on the Continent are so unpopular. When we started robbing people, how could that self-righteous pompous guy miss the opportunity to show off against us."
Zhao frowned "You've dealt with him before, and yet he seems to have the strength to provoke us. Do you know if he's gotten stronger?"
Drunk shook his head. "I don't know. But I probably know who the two mages around Garan are. Although I have never met them, from what I could see on the surface, I guess that these two are the Jie Shi Ling twins."
Meirin nodded. "Yes, they look like them. Although I have never seen their faces before, from their age and the way they're dressed, they are most likely the Jie Shi Ling twins."
Zhao looked at Meirin with a puzzled face. "Grandma Meirin, are the Jie Shi Ling twins strong?"
"Very strong. They are both earth mages. Not only are they proficient in earth magic, they are also known to be able to summon a stone giant. Stone giants are earth creatures with a height of eight meters. Their bodies are made of rocks, which they can also use as projectiles. The most important thing about these creatures is that as long as they don’t leave the ground, their strength will never become weak. They are very difficult to deal with. Because these two brothers are very proficient in summoning, the Jie Shi Ling twins have become very famous."
Zhao nodded, then he looked at the two yellow robe mages. To be honest, they looked exactly like what Zhao thought a mage should look like. They weren't young, looking to be about fifty years old, with some gray hair and a very long beard. Their bodies were thin, giving people a scholarly feeling. It was like looking at two ancient people who have spent their whole lives doing nothing but learning.
This was completely different from what the light mage looked like. In Zhao's eyes, Garan didn't give him a good feeling. His boyish smile seemed too fake, the way he dressed was too smug, everything about him made it seem like he was a liar. Even though the Jie Shi Ling twins were also Zhao's enemies, he at least got a good feeling from them.
Zhao then turned to look at the other three men on horseback. They were certainly the three advanced warriors. Seeing these three men, Zhao's eyes couldn't help but shrink.
These three were too strange. When you looked at them, you would get a cold feeling, and it wasn't because they were wearing black warrior clothes. It was something about their temperament.
Zhao knew that this was their killing intent, but it was different from the killing intent coming off the soldiers. It was cold and strange. In the battlefield, the killing intent from the soldiers would be fair and upright, as high as a mountain and as wide as the sea. But these three, their killing intent didn't radiate as strongly as the soldiers, but more like a hidden snake slithering around. The danger you sensed from them felt disgusting.
When Meirin saw these three men, her face changed. Although she didn't know who they were, she felt that these three men were up to no good.
Just then they all heard Shift, the undead assassin, say, "These three individuals are so strange. They actually seem very familiar, like we used to know them."
Zhao paused when he heard what Shift said. Shift didn't seem like a liar. If he said that these three men gave him a familiar feeling, then he couldn't be wrong. It seems like he had dealt with these people before. Shift could very well solve the mystery of their origins. With him, they may get to the bottom of who these forces belong to.
Zhao turned to Shift and asked, "Shift, do you remember anything?"
But Shift shook his head. "No, I don't. But I feel as if I should know these three men. It's very strange."
Zhao was disappointed, but he moved on. He turned to Drunk and said, "Drunk, carefully look at the camp. We're going to attack them tonight, so remember their positions, especially where the assassins are."
Looking at these people, it was clear that the highest amongst them were the six people on horseback, but apparently they weren't commanding this army. The one in command seems to be a warrior wearing ordinary leather armor. He was around forty years old with a weathered face, and he had the ability to keep this army well-organized.
Zhao felt like he was watching a movie on tv about someone bossing people around to build the camp. In the middle of the camp were two large tents, ready for the three mages and the three advanced warriors. Everyone else was living in small tents.
As the camp was being built, suddenly there was a light coming from the middle of the camp. The light mage was whispering a spell as he waved the magic staff in his hand. A mass of white light erupted and spread out.
Meirin was surprised as she saw what the man was doing. "Emmanuel Ghost Probe? It turns out that he is actually an eighth level light mage."
Zhao looked puzzled. "Grandma Meirin, what is this emmanuel ghost probe?"
"The emmanuel ghost probe is a special kind of light magic. It is specifically used to find creatures of darkness. It is very sensitive. As long as it has anything to do with dark magic, it will not escape detection. Only a light mage of the eighth level can cast this spell."
Zhao looked at the screen and muttered. "It seems like it was a good idea to call Brick back, otherwise they would have found him."
Meirin nodded. "Ah, yes, even if you let Brick stay outside, he might have been able to escape those assassins' searches. After all, it would be impossible to look through all the mountains around the canyon. But it would be impossible for Brick to hide from the emmanuel ghost probe. These guys are really cautious."
Zhao's face grew heavy. "Yes, they are. Tonight's attack has to be successful. We can't let them prepare anymore than this." He was about to continue, but then suddenly he received news of Green's return. Surprised, he immediately switched the screen to show the manor on Stony Mountain. When Zhao saw that Green was standing in the yard, he opened a hole to the space to allow him to step inside.
When Green came into the space, they immediately greeted him, but then Meirin looked puzzled. "Did you buy any rabbits? Why did you come back empty handed?"
Green smiled. "Do not worry. I bought some rabbits. I just asked the people from the Markey Company to help me with shipping them over. But on the way back, I found that someone was following me closely, which made me afraid that something may have happened back home. I came back as quickly as I could. So, did anything happen?"
They all gave Green a wry smile. Seeing the look they gave him, Green's face changed. "What happened?"
Zhao told the situation to him, then he switched the screen back to the canyon for Green to see. Green stared at the camp, his eyes flashing with coldness. "Well, it seems like they're not afraid of death. Master, tonight let's attack them."
Zhao nodded. "We feel the same way. This time the enemy is very strong. One is an eighth level light mage, and the other two are earth mages at the seventh level. There are also three advanced warriors, plus a few mid level warriors and assassins. If we want to beat them, we have to try to find any clues that could help us."
With that, Zhao moved the image on the screen to Garan's tent.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 98 - Opposite
Garan and the other mages were sitting in the tent. He was holding a book that looked very strange. It wasn't an ordinary book. The paper was made of sheepskin and the cover was made of metal that shined silver white. Other than that, the book didn't seem that important. It wasn't very thick, appearing to have only a total of five pages.
Seeing this book, Green and Meirin both exclaimed, "The Iron Book?"
Except for Zhao, everyone else felt surprised when they heard what Green and Meirin said. They had a look of shock as they stared at the book in Garan's hands.
Zhao didn't know what this book was, but from everyone's reactions, he knew that it was important, so he quickly asked, "Grandpa Green, what is the Iron Book?"
Green recovered from his shock, but his eyes still lighted up when he looked at that book. "This book was created by a master alchemist. He spent nearly two decades making it out of special magical materials. These materials are so precious that even if you knew the method to make this book, it would be very difficult. Each of the pages of this book could be used to seal a magic spell. Once a magic spell is sealed in this book, you just need a little bit of magical energy to activate it, regardless of what rank it is."
Zhao was surprised, but he understood at once what this could mean. This book was equivalent to a cannon with unlimited ammo. You just needed to press the button to launch it. As long as you had the strength to press a button, you would never run out of firepower.
Once Green finished, Meirin gave a wry smile. "It seems like this time we will have to face something big. We don't know what level of magic is sealed in that book. If the level is high, then it would be trouble for us. We have to grab that book and gain its power for ourselves."
Zhao nodded, then he turned to Shift and said, "Shift, wait until evening to go to war. First, we have to deal with Garan. Be sure to kill him. Remember that this guy is very cautious. You must be careful, there might be traps that he's come up with."
Shift bowed, then said, "Yes, Master."
Zhao then turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, our primary goal is Garan. Make sure that he can't run. Since he has the Iron Book, he must be an important figure in the organization. We might find clues on his body."
Green nodded. "Rest assured, Master, he will not escape."
Zhao then looked at Meg, who was staring enviously at the Iron Book on the screen. "Meg, if you can get this Iron Book, it will belong to you."
Meg was surprised for a moment, then happiness formed on her face. "Really? You're not lying?"
Zhao laughed. "I'm not lying to you. You are a sixth level mage, and you don't even have a magic staff. For now the Iron Book will be yours to use. That is until we have the opportunity to get you a magic staff."
Meg grinned. "Well, I'll wait. But Master, if you're going to get me a magic staff, at least get me one like your ghost staff. It's beautiful and easy to use."
Zhao laughed again. "When I get the chance, I will give you a handy magic staff."
Zhao felt happy. If he didn't find these people, then their attack against him might have succeeded. But he was sure, that even if these people's attack succeeded, he wouldn't suffer much of a loss, because he still has the space. Now that he had found these guys, they will not be able to run. Although their power was very strong, do not forget that their clan had wasn't that weak. It should be enough to deal with them.
Most importantly, Zhao wanted to kill them all, then get Drunk to turn them into undead. Even if they don't become high level undead, he could just toss them into the space, and their power would be upgraded. He would then have an army of strong fighting men.
Still, he hoped that there was some way to turn them into high level undead so he could find out who is behind them in the end.
With this thought, Zhao couldn't help but turn to Drunk and asked, "Drunk, is there any way for you to turn Garan into a high level undead?"
Drunk shook his head. "I can't, Master. Garan is a mage of light. Such a person could only become a low level undead at most. And he will never be able to level up. Light magic is the opposite of black magic. The undead simply can not have any properties of light."
Zhao's face was bitter. "The highest person in that army is Garan. He may know the most secrets. If we can't find anything out from him, it seems like we'll have to look for our answers somewhere else. Drunk, can you turn an ordinary warrior into a high level undead?"
Drunk told him that it was possible. Although he couldn't do it by himself, combining his power with the other black mages might be able to get it done.
Zhao then turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, the Jie Shi Ling twins should be two people with a lot of influence. Should we also try to turn them into high level undead?"
Before Green could answer, Drunk said, "Master, turning a person into a high level undead is not easy. Even with the strength of all eight of us, at most we could change one person every decade. It's simply impossible to turn a lot of people into high level undead."
Zhao thought about it, then said, "Then let's forget it. We'll have to find some clues another way."
Green nodded. "Ah, yes, I am upset that the enemy has looked down on us. I hope that this time we would be able to find out some clues. But Master, there is some good news. Miss Laura has sent a message through the Markey Company, saying that she will return to Casa city in three days. It is certain that she will come visit us."
Zhao had a happy look on his face. "Good, good. She is finally coming back."
Just then, they all suddenly heard a voice. "Brothers, I would like to thank you two for coming here with me to help. I heard that this black mage called Zhao has colluded with the Immortal Mercenary Group on his way to Casa city. Together, they have massacred several villages to deal with Miss Laura. Fortunately, she was rescued by a passing expert, otherwise she would have been in a lot of danger from these evil people. We must remove them as soon as possible. This is a good thing we're doing for the Continent and the people."
Green, Zhao, and everyone else looked stunned. Garan was talking nonsense, and before he even finished, Zhao exhaled and almost shouted, "Shameless! I have never seen anyone so shameless! Instead of being rescuers, we have become the ones causing harm. He must have a thick skin if he could run his mouth off like that to justify himself."
Green was also annoyed at what he heard. "These light mages are used to being smug. They're just pretending to have good morals. It's disgusting."
"That guy is so annoying," Meirin said when she heard Garan's words.
Just then, one of the Jie Shi Ling twins said, "Mister Garan is too kind. In the Continent, you are notoriously known as a slayer of evil. To help you with this small favor brings honor to us two brothers."
"Brothers, you are too kind." Garan smiled. "I have only faced the Immortal Mercenary Group once a few years ago. Back then, I was just a measly sixth level mage. Although I was able to injure them, they were able to run away. This time I'm hoping I will discover some clues on Zhao's body that will help me find the Immortal Mercenary Group."
The Jie Shi Ling twins were obviously interested in this topic. They started to ask what happened. Garan smiled and talked about how he dealt with the Immortal Mercenary Group when they first faced each other.
Zhao, however, wasn't interested, so moved the image on the screen to the advanced warrior's tent. But he was disappointed. The three advanced warriors were doing nothing but sitting there, meditating.
After a while, they still didn't do anything. Zhao wasn't able to find out anything from them. It seems like the identity of these three guys wasn't so simple.
Zhao again switched the image on the screen, but this time into the command tent of the ordinary warrior. He was surprised to see the man sitting in the tent, frowning as he looked over a map. He didn't say a word.
Zhao brought the screen closer and carefully looked over the map. As expected, it was a map of the rocky terrain around Stony Mountain.
Green also looked at the map, and sighed. He then turned to Zhao. "Master, I think it's useless to get Drunk to turn this man into an advanced undead. He is just a mercenary, not part of Garan's group."
Zhao nodded, then he brought the screen back to the three advanced warriors to see if he could find out anything at all. Carefully looking at them, he asked, "Shift, do you really think that these three men seem familiar to you?"
Shift nodded. "Yes, Master. I really feel that they're familiar."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 99 - Antidote
-This chapter was sponsored by Garfield S (US). Thanks!!!
Shift didn't know why, but he felt that these three advanced warriors felt very familiar, although he couldn't think of the reason.
Looking at the camp, they didn't find anything unusual. Garan was still talking with the Jie Shi Ling twins as if they already had their enemy within their grasp.
At their current strength, it should be enough to deal with Zhao. After all, his identity was a black mage, and Garan was a light mage at the eighth level. His power was the direct nemesis of black magic.
They also didn't forget about Zhao's servants, which they found out about by searching for news about Laura's battle with the Immortal Mercenary Group. Green should be at the same strength as their three advanced warriors. Even if they couldn't beat him, they should be able to hold their own with any problem. And the Jie Shi Ling twins could naturally deal with Meirin. Because of this, Garan was very confident that they would win.
Zhao had been moving the image on the screen to look through the whole camp, but only Garan's tent had something noteworthy. The others simply had nothing worth their attention.
Zhao was waiting for the sun to go down before they could act. While they were waiting, all they could do was spy on the camp. But just as they started to think that trying to get anymore information from watching Garan was useless, suddenly they heard a voice. "Report."
All three mages faced the entrance to the tent. "Come in," Garan said.
A black clad assassin came in from outside. He handed a piece of paper to Garan, but before Garan could say anything, he turned and left the tent.
The behavior of this man was rude. However, the strange thing was that Garan didn't seem angry. "All of these assassins truly belong to the Purcell clan," Garan told the Jie Shi Ling twins. "I am merely here to help them remove this scourge from their territory. That was why that assassin acted in such a superior way. After all, I'm a good natured person, otherwise I would have taught him a lesson."
Garan chucked before he continued. "Since we're dealing with Zhao, the Purcell clan has provided us with a lot of help. They also calculated this very well. They gave us enough information and forces to fight against Zhao. But if somehow we are defeated, none of this could be traced back to their clan, so they don't have to fear any retaliation from Zhao the black mage."
When Green heard what Garan said, he couldn't help but burst out and say, "It seems that this attack really is related to the Purcell clan."
He had just finished speak when they heard Garan's voice again. "Sure enough, Zhao's advanced level warrior should get back to Stony Mountain by tomorrow. We can't do anything tonight. We'll have to wait until tomorrow before we could finish the job of wiping out Zhao and all of his servants."
One of the Jie Shi Ling twins then spoke up. "Oddly enough, I heard that Zhao's warrior went and bought so many blue-eyed rabbits. What do you think he needs them for?"
Garan's brow wrinkled. "He's an evil person, so perhaps he might want those rabbits to test a new poison."
Green was sitting in front of the screen next to Zhao. It seems like Garan's people didn't know that Green had already come back, so they were ready to rest for the night. Tomorrow was when they would make their move.
After the tent went quiet, Zhao said, "It seems that the reputations of black mages really isn't good on the Continent. That guy even thinks that we're going to use the rabbits to test a new poison. However, it seems like he and his army will be resting tonight. It is the right time for us to act." Zhao laughed. "The Grand Duke of the Purcell Duchy has given someone else the knife to kill us, but he doesn't know about my space, allowing us to listen in, otherwise we wouldn't have found out the people behind Garan."
Green nodded. "Since the territory of the Purcell clan is right next to the entrance to the Black Waste, they have always been a threat to us. Although we don't really need to worry about them because of the space, it's still a big hassle. We originally didn't have the power to solve our problems, but now that we have enough strength, we should go after the Purcell clan first."
After listening to Green, Meirin laughed. "With Master's space, we don't need to worry. In just a few years time, with the strength we can gain from the carrion swamp, we can take out the Purcell clan with one stroke and take over their duchy. Even if they were to find out about the improved situation of the Black Waste, how would they stop us? And do not forget, after a few decades, Blockhead, Rockhead, and Meg would have grown up. With their talent in cultivation, our Buda clan would no longer need to be afraid of anyone. If we were to lose this battle, the only reason is because we didn't think that the Purcell clan would work so hard to build this army just to kill us. We have to prepare. We can't let them think it's so easy to take us down."
Despite Meirin's words, Zhao looked concerned. "But if they were to find out about the Black Waste, then the nobility might unite against us, instead of just being attacked by one of the nobles. Even with our strength, wouldn't they be unstoppable?"
Green sneered. "Master thinks too highly of those people. They're just a group of misers that care about nothing except for money. Even if they dare get together, we will attack them first. How do you think the old aristocracy was developed? You hit them until they recognize your strength.
From what Green said, Zhao's eyes couldn't help but brighten, then he laughed. "Yes, what Grandpa Green says is right. It seems like my thoughts had been too pessimistic."
Zhao had been pessimistic because he was an otaku in his past life. A characteristic of an otaku was that they were timid. In addition, from Adam's memories, he understood how great and powerful those nobles are. Subconsciously, this made him afraid when he found out that this army belonged to one of them. He didn't want to face those people who would just grow obsessed with his farm and think to themselves that they and their children would be able to move into his Black Waste.
But from what Green said, it was like a window had opened up to let Zhao see another way. He would have preferred to get a little stronger before facing one of the nobles, but he had to admit that if he wanted to stand upright in this world, he had to get those people to recognize his strength.
With this thought, Zhao couldn't help but say, "If only I could find an antidote for the Water of Nothingness, then I would be able to get even stronger."
The moment he said those words, the voice immediately came: [To lift the host's genetic defect, you need to reach level twenty. After opening the factory, it can be done]
Zhao and everyone else in the villa heard what the voice said, but unlike Zhao, they didn't know what this sudden sentence meant. Even though they didn't know, the meaning of this sentence was very clear to Zhao. He would have never thought that the Water of Nothingness would give him genetic defects. No wonder he couldn't learn magic or martial arts.
But to his delight, once he reached level twenty, he would be able to open a factory inside his space, plus repair his defective genes.
Zhao couldn't help but laugh. Everyone gave him a puzzled look. It was only when Zhao calmed down a little that Green asked, "Master, what is the meaning of those words? And why are you laughing?"
Zhao might have been calm, but he was still smiling. "I was just thinking about how to solve the Water of Nothingness's effect on my body, which resulted with what the spatial voice said." He paused at this point, but Green could see that he was still smiling.
Green and Meirin weren't stupid. They felt slightly stunned as they began to guess what it could mean, causing them to stand up. "Master?"
Zhao nodded. "Ah, yes. Once the space reaches level twenty, I will be able to solve the problem the Water of Nothingness did to my body."
Green had a look on his face like he didn't believe Zhao. "Master, you're not joking, right?"
"It's not a joke." Zhao laughed.
Green and Meirin were laughing as well. But it wasn't just them, but also Blockhead and Rockhead. They didn't expect that the space could also give a solution to the Water of Nothingness. If that's the case, then it was like their worries have disappeared.
They had always been worried about what the Water of Nothingness did to Zhao's body. Because of it, at most Zhao would only be able to live for a few decades, so the space would only be able to exist for a few decades. But once Zhao had been cured, he would be able to learn magic and martial arts, thus increasing his natural lifespan.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 100 - Attack
Now that they heard there was a solution to the Water of Nothingness, they were certainly happy.
At once, Green asked, "Master, to level up the space like before, do we still need to find some special plants?"
Zhao nodded. "It seems that's the fastest way to level up that I know of. Last time, Grandpa Green, you brought a lot of things that helped the space reach the tenth level, including some common things. But to reach an even higher level, I'm afraid it might not be as easy."
Green made an ugly face, then he said, "We should focus on the development of the space and nothing else. Getting the space to reach level twenty should be our most important goal."
Meirin nodded at what they were saying. Originally, they were trying to grow the space to help the Buda clan make money. But this time it was different. Once the space became strong enough, it could provide a possible solution to the problem in Zhao's body. Nothing else mattered. Getting the cure to the Water of Nothingness was their top priority.
Zhao didn't say anything. From just one look, he could tell what they were thinking. For them, his safety always came first. To be honest, he had no objections with that. He too would also like to get rid of the Water of Nothingness out of his body as fast as possible, so that he may have the chance to learn magic and martial arts.
In his past life, with the rise of web novels, almost everyone had dreams of learning powerful martial arts or dazzling magic. They dreamed of crossing into a mysterious world and gaining these amazing abilities.
But although Zhao crossed into another world, this body had drank the Water of Nothingness, so it was impossible for him to learn magic and martial arts. He could do nothing but feel sorry for himself. But now that there was a possible solution, Zhao of course felt very happy.
After more than two hours, everyone's moods finally settled down, although there was still a slight look of excitement on their faces.
By now the image on the screen had dimmed down. Garan had lit a magic lamp and was still chatting with the people inside the tent. While outside, the mercenaries were busy cooking.
Seeing what those mercenaries were doing, Meirin remembered that she should be cooking now, so she quickly got up to cook, while also getting Meg to arrange food for the slaves.
After dinner, Zhao sent Shift out of the space with the ghost staff, and told him to find those assassins.
Shift moved around the perimeter of the canyon. Fortunately, he was an undead with eyes made of soul fire, so the dark had no effect on him. He was able to find his way around. Not only that, but it could even be said that the darkness was an advantage to him.
Those assassins appeared on the screen one by one. Apparently, they had been trained to guard in pairs, and all together they created a huge defense network around the camp. If someone wanted to sneak into the camp, they would be discovered.
Eventually, he was able to find the positions of all one hundred assassins. This took more than an hour, and by now most of the mercenaries had already fallen asleep. Even Garan and the other two mages were resting. Only the three advanced warriors were sitting there, motionless.
Looking at the three men, Green's face couldn't help but sink. He felt that these three were very murderous and were proficient in walking the assassin's road. Such people were the worst to deal with.
Seeing nothing happening in the camp, Zhao turned to Green and said, "Grandpa Green, we have to rest. We won't make our move until the middle of the night. When they're sleeping like the dead, that would be the most appropriate time to attack."
After taking a look at the camp, Green nodded. "Well, then let's go rest."
Having stood up along with Meirin and everyone else, Zhao called back Shift and told him to watch the screen in the living room. If anything were to happen, or if it was midnight and he wasn't up yet, he should call him immediately. After that, Zhao went to his room.
Lying in bed, Zhao couldn't sleep. Today, the space had given him such a surprise. There was hope that he might be able to learn magic and martial arts, which made Zhao feel excited. While in bed, thoughts of what he could learn kept turning in his head, until he unknowingly fell asleep.
Zhao was sleeping when suddenly he was woken by the tone chiming and the voice telling him that the radishes have matured. He looked at the time. It wasn't that late, so he got out of bed and harvested the radishes. By the time he returned to the living room, it was already eleven o'clock at night.
Green was still up. He was sitting in the living room, staring at the screen. Although it was a little dark, they could still see the situation in the camp. With the magic of the screen, no matter how dark it was outside, they would always be able to see within a range of five hundred meters in diameter.
When Green saw Zhao come in, he said, "Master, it's late enough. I think now is the time to act."
Zhao nodded. He turned around and saw a crowd waiting for his instructions. "Shift, you will got out now and dive into the mage's tent. Remember, your only goal is Garan. You don't need to care about anyone else."
Shift saluted, then Zhao turned to some of the other black mages. "Scales, Brick, you will bring out five hundred undead to the perimeter of the canyon to deal with those assassins. Do not let them run away." Scales and Brick also saluted.
Zhao then turned to Green. "Grandpa Green, I'll leave the enemies inside the camp for you to figure out."
Green nodded. "Your undead and the other six black mages should mainly deal with the Jie Shi Ling twins. With its spiritual attack, it shouldn't be difficult to fight against them. And the remaining three advanced warriors should be handled by Meirin. As for you, Master, you should wait here and not leave the space."
Zhao had no objections. His mental age was more than thirty years old, so naturally he was no longer an impulsive young man. He knew that if he left the space, he would be killed.
When Green saw Zhao agree to not go out, he felt a little relieved. He had been afraid that Zhao would want to participate in this battle. Green then turned to Blockhead and Rockhead, as well as Meg, and said, "The three of you will also fight. If you want to become a powerful warrior or mage, constant battles is needed to help you slowly grow up. Tonight is a good opportunity. But you have to be careful."
The three of them nodded.
After he was done, Green turned to Zhao. "Master, we are ready."
Zhao nodded, then he sent out Shift. After that, he sent out Green and everyone else, including his army of undead, to several points that they had marked out.
It was one of Zhao's new capabilities that he had discovered. As long as it was within his monitoring range of five hundred meters in diameter, when he sent someone out, he could freely choose the spot where he could send them. This was very convenient for their attack strategy.
Shift appeared in the camp, and was moving around with invisibility. Zhao was only able to see him because of the red dot on the screen. Invisibility wasn't necessarily an ability that could only be done with magic. A special trained assassin could also learn invisibility.
But although invisibility seemed very magical, in general, advanced level mages and warriors didn't care about it. Even if invisibility could hide your body, you wouldn't be able to get close to an advanced mage or warrior because they would still be able to sense your magical or martial arts energy fluctuations.
Still, a very well trained assassin could hide their breath to the point where it would be very difficult for an advanced mage to find them.
Shift acted immediately as he dived into the mage's tent, but the moment he entered, a white light flashed, like a fierce bomb had exploded.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 101 - War!
"Not good!" Meirin and Green gasped at the same time.
From the screen, Zhao also saw what happened. With a thought, he managed to pull Shift out of danger and placed him in a predetermined spot next to Green. But his reaction wasn't fast enough since Shift still sustained some injuries.
Suddenly, magic warning lights shot out of the tent and into the sky, lighting up the whole camp.
Everyone in the camp started waking up. The first was the three advanced warriors, who immediately rushed out of their tent. Their faces had always been as still as thousand year old ice, but from what they saw outside, their faces started to change color.
The situation of the entire camp had completely changed. Everywhere you look there were huge undead, numbering more than a thousand. They were running around the camp like mad buffalo.
Many of the ordinary warriors, before they were able to leave their tents, were trampled to death by the undead. And even those who were able to get out in time had to start fighting the undead, but of course, they weren't even worthy opponents. In a single moment, out of three hundred warriors, less than one hundred of them were still alive.
The three advanced warriors were very surprised. These undead creatures were highly toxic. An ordinary warrior would become poisoned with just a single touch from the undead. They had to use all of their martial arts skill to try to suppress the spread of the toxins. If they couldn't suppress, their bodies would instantly rot with a green color, and they would fall to the ground, dead.
With their pathetic efforts to fight back, more than two hundred warriors had already been killed, some from this lethal toxin.
What also alarmed the three advanced warriors was that even though they had set up a perimeter of assassins around the canyon, they had received no warning of these undead from them. The assassins had also failed to return to aid them. This gave them an ominous feeling.
While they were standing there, stunned from what they saw, two blue water dragons rushed straight at them. The three advanced warriors immediately recovered, then they took out their swords.
Their swords weren't like the common ones that could be found on the Continent. They were similar to rapiers, thin and meant for stabbing. Generally, the nobility would wear these on their waist for decoration. But these swords that the advanced warriors carried were significantly different. The blade was black, but it also revealed hints of red. This was a weapon that looked ready to kill.
Two of the three advanced warriors stabbed their swords and eventually took down the water dragons, then they all rushed at Meirin.
Meanwhile, Meg, Blockhead, and Rockhead were fighting some of the ordinary warriors. They didn't dare participate in the battles against the high level experts, because if they did, they wouldn't even know how they died. The three had no real war experience, but their strength was more than enough to deal with these panicking ordinary warriors.
Just then, a bang came from the mage's tent. The tent split apart and two giant stone figures rose up.
The stone giants stood as firm as a mountain. They were very tall, about seven to eight meters, with a round boulder forming their heads, though it had indistinct human facial features.
Obviously, these two stone giants were summoned by the Jie Shi Ling twins. They were what made the twins famous.
Garan was standing between the Jie Shi Ling twins. He had his magic staff in one hand and the Iron Book in the other. With cold eyes, he stared at the undead running around. "Humph, shameless villain. Is that how you plan to attack?"
Garan opened up the Iron Book, and suddenly a massive amount of white light shot into the sky. The light slowly formed into white spheres, which then fell to the ground, like meteors, throughout the whole canyon.
Meirin couldn't help but feel surprised when she saw this scene. "Damn, it's Coming Lights. I can't believe that's one of the spells sealed in the Iron Book."
Coming Lights was a sixth level light spell. It wasn't an attack spell, but an area of effect healing spell. It brought no harm to humans or spirit beast. However, it was lethal to the undead. It might not be powerful enough to kill high level undead, but it can cause a lot of damage.
This spell that Garan released could arguably be the most useful in this situation. Because of its large area of effect, it could take down this army of undead, and even injure Drunk and the other undead black mages.
Seeing what was happening outside the space, Zhao was under pressure, trying to think of a way to protect his undead from this magical attack. He was about to pull the undead back into the space, when suddenly the voice came: [Discovery of radioactive rays. Absorbing light. Analyzing. Light rays are similar to radiation therapy. Light rays causes damage to robotic objects. Improving robotic objects]
After the voice faded away, all the undead in the canyon started flashing green light. The bones of the undead soon became crystal clear. Now when the light spell hit them, it seemed to have no effect.
Zhao stared blankly at this. He didn't understand how this could have happened. Supposedly the space had improve the undead so that they wouldn't be affected by the light, but he didn't even crack open a hole to bring the undead into the space for improvement. So how did the space do it?
Zhao was puzzled until he saw Shift, who was fighting alongside Green. Shift was injured, but he could still move around and fight. With a look of amazement on his face, Zhao finally understood how the space improved the undead. It was because Shift was holding the ghost staff. That staff was connected to the space, so naturally when it sensed the light spell, it allowed the space to improve the undead.
Figuring this out, Zhao couldn't help but laugh. He hadn't bothered to take the ghost staff back from Shift earlier because the staff was bound to Zhao. There was no way for other people to use it. Even Shift could do nothing but carry it around. If someone actually snatched it, Zhao could recover it with a single thought. That was why he wasn't in a hurry to take back the staff, which resulted in this unexpected windfall.
Everyone in the camp had also noticed that the light didn't affect the undead. Originally, the undead were moving around slowly because the light was burning them like sulfuric acid, but after they flashed with a green light, they seemed to have become more vigorous. Neither the warriors or Garan could understand how this could happen, but Green and Meirin understood. It was because of the space.
When Garan saw that the undead wasn't reacting to the light, his face became pale. He immediately used the Iron Book again, and soon light magic surrounded his body, forming a glowing white angel. The angel wore white robes and it had a wingspan fifty meters long. In its hands was a great white shield with a mighty lion face pattern on it.
This was the sixth level light spell: Angel's Protection.
Of course, it wasn't a real angel. It was just a spell that projected the light elements to create this image. This spell was used for defense.
After he released Angel's Protection, Garan put away the book and whispered a spell that formed a layer of magic around the Jie Shi Ling twins, who were sending their stone giants to fight the undead.
Not only were the stone giants strong, they could also throw parts of themselves as projectiles. Afterwards, they could just absorb the earth element from the ground to compose new parts for their body. They were very difficult to deal with.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 102 - One Hit Kill
So far, all of the ordinary warriors had been killed off, leaving only the three advanced warriors and Garan and the other two mages.
Those ordinary warriors weren't worthy opponents against the undead, so their failure was inevitable. As for the assassins, not one of them was able to escape from the undead led by Scales and Brick.
The result was that the three advanced warriors and the three mages were surrounded by over a thousand undead. If they wanted to run away, it wouldn't be easy.
Green and Meirin didn't stop for a second as they kept up their attacks against the three advanced warriors. Green felt that these three were too murderous, so if he gave them even a little bit of breathing room, they might take the chance to escape.
As for Garan, it was impossible for him to escape. He felt very depressed. His light spells restrain black magic, so they should be lethal against those undead. But his attack had no effect.
The Jie Shi Ling twins weren't looking any better. Although their stone giants were powerful, the magic requirement to sustain them was very large. Most importantly, they had to focus so that they could carefully control them. Once they summoned the stone giants, it was difficult to use other magic.
However, in this case, summoning the stone giants could be considered the best choice. The stone giants were huge and strong, they could catapult parts of their body, and poison had no effect on them. They have not yet suffered a loss against the undead.
Unfortunately, the stone giants were the only ones that were able to resist these strengthened undead.
When Garan discovered that his light magic was useless against the undead, he immediately changed his strategy. He decided to stand behind his teammates and support them from there.
It was a common strategy on the Continent. One of the reasons light mages were famous was because of the healing properties of their light spells, in addition to its ability to restrain black magic. In the Continent, light magic was the most effective form of treatment. Not only could it treat injuries, it could also help people recover their magic quickly.
While advanced light mages weren't weak, their attack power was comparatively less than other types of mages. It was precisely because of this that when there was a light mage on your team, the safest place for him was at the back. From this position, he could heal your wounds and restore your magic.
With this method, while standing behind the Jie Shi Ling twins, Garan would restore their magic from time to time.
At the same time as this, the three advanced warriors were trying to reach Garan to gain his support. But Green knew their intentions, so he immediately stepped up on the offensive, while getting the undead to besiege them. Although the undead were supposed to be under Drunk's command, they were at least smart enough to know that Green's identity was even higher than Drunk's, so the undead would naturally listen to Green.
All of this was happening while Zhao was quietly sitting in the living room, watching the battle. He didn’t even notice when a tone chimed in the space.
The three advanced warriors were in a tough fight. Not only did they not gain Garan's magical support, they were also facing against two experts, Green and Meirin. Plus they were surrounded by Meg, Blockhead, Rockhead, the black mages, and the undead army. For them to survive for so long was already a miracle.
The three were very powerful warriors that had received extremely rigorous training. If it weren't for that, they fear that they would have already been killed. Even so, the situation was dangerous. They were all injured, and their wounds contain toxins from the undead. They had to use their martial arts skill to suppress the toxins, otherwise they would have been poisoned to death.
It was because they had to partly focus on suppressing the toxins in their bodies that their attacks and defense had declined so much. Plus fighting against an eighth level warrior and an eighth level mage was already difficult to begin with. But because of their skills in martial arts, it would still not be so easy for Green and Meirin to kill them.
That was until Shift joined the battle.
Shift's original target was supposed to be Garan. But right now Garan had blessed himself with protective magic. With Shift's current abilities, it was impossible for him to bypass that spell and get past the two mages to reach Garan. So he had to change his target to the three advanced warriors.
But the advanced warriors were in a similar situation, in which they were protecting themselves with their martial arts. But over time, Shift knew that an opportunity will appear. After fighting a long battle, plus feeling the effects of the toxin, those warriors would eventually lower their guard. That would be his chance. After all, one of the most important skills that assassins must learn was patience.
An opportunity came when Meirin sent a water dragon towards the three advanced warriors. Two of the warriors welcomed the water dragon because they were planning to scatter it like they did with the previous two. Of course, this left one of the warriors alone for a moment.
At this point, Shift suddenly appeared in the air, stabbing his sword into the advanced warrior.
After fighting all night, of course the advanced warrior would be tired and his reaction speed would dull. By the time he sensed Shift behind him, it was already too late. Shift's sword pierced through the warrior's head and out his mouth. He was dead.
Shift didn't pull out the sword. Instead, he let go of it as darts flew from his hands, going straight towards the other two advanced warriors. After he threw the darts, Shift rolled on the ground and then disappeared in front of everyone. By this time, the body of the dead warrior fell to the ground.
The two other advanced warriors were able to knock away the darts, but they failed to block Meirin's water dragon, which managed to slam one of the warriors to the ground. Before he could get back up, the undead pounced on him and ripped him to pieces.
Seeing his two fellow brothers killed, the last advanced warrior howled at the sky. Waving his sword, he rushed at Green, but before he could take a step, a mass of something black surrounded him.
It was the black magic spell, Imprison!
He yelled and broke through Drunk's magic, but then he suddenly tripped. He looked down. His feet had been entangled by green gas. This made him even more furious. He knew that this was the low level wind spell, Wind Rope. Normally, he wouldn't care about such low level magic because it was impossible for it to stop him, but he was annoyed that it slowed him down.
He easily broke off the Wind Rope, but then Meirin's Frostsaber Storm spell arrived. It was a high level spell that condensed water into ice, then spun it into a tornado, creating a huge meat grinder.
The warrior's face couldn't help but change. He knew how powerful this spell was. With it looming closer, he stabbed his sword against the Frostsaber Storm, trying to shake it off. However, the storm didn't disappear, only relenting a little.
The warrior then used a technique that made it look like he was fighting with five swords, which allowed him to break the Frostsaber Storm. But the moment the storm broke, something fast as lightning pierced through his throat.
Green had thrown his sword. It was a one hit kill!
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 103 - I'll Shoot You Dead
In an instant, the three advanced warriors were killed.
Once they were dead, everyone focused on Garan. Garan didn't look so good, and his face became ugly. He knew that he wouldn't be able to run away. With more than a thousand undead surrounding him, he didn't have the confidence to escape.
With the undead slowly gathering around him, Garan's eyes flashed with coldness as he shouted, "I request to see Mister Zhao."
Because of this outburst, Green stopped the undead from advancing.
Garan wanted to meet with Zhao, but how could Zhao not notice the dark gleam in Garan's eyes. He had to be careful, so he commanded Scales to take his place and pose as Zhao the black mage in front of Garan.
Zhao then gave another order, telling Shift to give the ghost staff to Scales. Scales was an undead that couldn't speak, and could only communicate through a spiritual connection. But as long as Scales was holding the ghost staff, Zhao would be able to speak through it.
It wasn't like Garan had ever seen Zhao before, and Scales was wearing a black robe. Garan should believe that Scales is Zhao.
The reason why Zhao chose Scales to pretend to be him was because Scales and Brick were the ones that were cleaning up the assassins in the perimeter of the canyon, so Garan had never seen Scales before, so he would have no reason to be suspicious.
Under the cover of the undead, Shift was able to sneak the ghost staff into Scales hands. Once Scales had the ghost staff, he immediately got on an undead's back. This wasn't Zhao's undead, since that one was placed near Garan, waiting for the order to launch its spiritual attack. Even though the spiritual attack wasn't very strong, it should be able to do some damage, even if Garan was an eighth level mage.
Scales was moving towards Garan, until he stopped thirty meters away. This position was relatively safe. Generally, magic could be used to attack him at this distance, and even the stone giants should be able to throw stones this far, but Scales would have enough time to avoid them.
At Scales approach, Green saw that it wasn't Zhao, but Scales standing on top of that undead's back. Green had known Zhao his whole life, so how could he not know that this wasn't Zhao. At the sight of Scales taking Zhao's place, Green felt very relieved. He was very much in favor of this since it would ensure Zhao's safety. For Green, it didn't matter if this would sacrifice Scales. As long as Zhao was safe, all was well.
Once Scales stood still, Zhao uploaded his voice. "Oh yes, I can see that Mister Garan came here just because he wanted to talk."
From Zhao's words, the irony wasn't lost on Garan. Garan was livid, but he wasn't stupid enough to act on it. He was smart ever since he was a child, otherwise he wouldn't have been able to become an eighth level light mage at his age. It was precisely because he was a genius that no one had ever spoken such heavy words to him before. When was the last time he had received such sarcasm.
However, Garan tried to speak in a polite tone. "Don't insult me, Mister Zhao. You obviously my name, so naturally you must know why I'm here. It seems that I have disturbed Mister Zhao, so I would like to apologize. As long as you are willing to let us leave, I will give you the Iron Book. What do you think, Mister Zhao?" While speaking, his arms extended, holding out the Iron Book.
Zhao's voice came through. "What's to stop me from just killing you and taking the book?"
The moment Zhao's words faded, Garan shouted out in an angry voice. "Then you can go die!" He opened the Iron Book and released one of the seals. A huge white light shot straight into the sky.
Green and Meirin immediately moved to protect Scales. Green positioned himself to block any attack from the stone giants, while Meirin raised a magic shield. However, it wouldn't be effective against the spell that Garan summoned. The white light in the sky formed into a huge light sword, ready to run straight through Scales.
Meirin knew this was bad the moment she saw that sword. It was a light element attack magic, the seventh level light spell known as Trial of the Blade. Although its casting time was long, its attack power was very powerful, and it had the ability to ignore almost any defense. Even experts at the eighth level wouldn't be able to block it.
Trial of the Blade shot down, breaking through Meirin's shield. But suddenly, Scales and his undead disappeared. The five meter long light sword cut into the ground, creating a hole that was one meter deep and half a meter wide.
The proud look on Garan's face was replaced by a stunned look. He wasn't a fool, but he couldn't understand what had just happened. However, Meirin understood. Zhao simply pulled Scales and the undead into the space before the light sword could hit him. Although the light sword was very fast, Zhao just needed a single thought to make Scales vanish.
Once the Trial of the Blade faded away, Scales and the undead reappeared, and soon Zhao's voice came out again. "No, Mister Garan, it's you that will die."
After Garan recovered from his shock, he looked at Zhao with a sneer. "Do you think I will die today? Stone brothers, although I'll be leaving you here, I will avenge you one day." He opened the Iron Book and white light flowed out once again. This time the white light wrapped around Garan's body.
When Meirin saw that white light, she quickly said, "Hurry up and attack. That's a light spell that will help him escape." She was talking to Green, but Zhao was also listening
Although Zhao was sitting inside the space, he had been staring at Garan with combative eyes. This time he was really angry. When Zhao heard what Meirin said, he couldn't help but curse loudly. "I'll shoot you dead, you son of a bitch." With a thought, a giant fly swatter appeared outside the space while he quoted that tv drama.
This fly swatter was a tool from the spatial ranch. If he were to use it outside the space, he would only have a ten percent chance to use its one hit kill function.
Everyone that has ever played a game knows that your swinging speed is related to your hand speed. But Zhao had an advantage that made him a little faster. He didn't need to swing the fly swatter tool with his hands, he could do it with his mind.
However, this wouldn't increase his chances of hitting his target. A ten percent chance for a one hit kill wasn't very high, but there was no way to get it any higher. The features of the tools were based on the space's data, and the data always moved according to a fixed pattern. There was no way to increase the chances of a one hit kill beyond ten percent.
At this moment, Zhao slammed down the fly swatter, like he was killing a giant blow fly. The white light scattered and Garan was hit deep into the ground. Garan's bones were smashed to pieces and now he was nothing but a pool of blood. The one hit kill had succeeded!
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 104 - Strengthen Space's Attack
Almost everyone was stunned. They had never seen such an attack before. However, although Green and everyone else didn't understand what happened, they had already grown accustomed to Zhao showing off strange abilities.
But the Jie Shi Ling twins were very surprised, to the point that they didn't notice Shift lurking closer to them. He had been waiting for an opportunity, and when he saw that the twins were in a daze, Shift immediately made his move. He appeared behind one of the Jie Shi Ling twins and silently stabbed his sword through the mage.
The twin stared with frightened eyes at the sight of the sword that had pierced his body.
When the other twin saw his brother being attacked, his eyes turned red as he shouted, "Brother!" He then sent his stone giant towards Shift. "I'll kill you!"
At this point, the dead twin fell to the ground and the stone giant that belonged to him started to shake like it was about to collapse, but then a hole to the space suddenly cracked open and caught the stone giant as it fell down.
While at the same time, Zhao's undead launched a spiritual attack against the other twin, injuring him. It was difficult for mages to defend themselves against spiritual attacks, especially now when the twin had lost his mind and was bent on revenge, making it impossible for him to resist.
The twin screamed as blood spewed from his eyes and nose. He lost control of his stone giant, which also started to shake, but then another hole to the space opened up, swallowing the stone giant as it fell. After that, while the twin was still suffering from the spiritual attack, Shift stabbed his sword through him. It was over.
Once Green saw that the battle had ended, he shouted, "Drunk, sweep the battlefield."
Drunk and the other black mages saluted, and immediately began to work. In fact, their job was simple. Just turn those who had died into undead. As for the three advanced warriors, they just needed to turn one of them into a high level undead. But that will take time, so they saved it for later. Right now they were just focusing on turning everyone else into low level undead.
Zhao was also organizing his own harvest. Two stone giants had just appeared in his space. The moment they entered, the voice came and said: [Discovery of stone giants. Increasing space's ability to attack. You can now summon stone giants. Limited to ten times per day]
This gave Zhao a pleasant surprise. He didn't think that he would get something this good when he brought the stone giants into the space. Just before he could celebrate, the voice came again: [Strengthening stone giants with toxins. Extracting throwing ability. Adding throwing ability to robotic objects]
It was another surprise. The space just increased the undead's offensive power by giving them throwing abilities. The only question was what would they use for their long range attacks? For those that had spikes, would they shoot out their spikes? For those that had claws, would they throw their claws?
Suddenly, the second stone giant that Zhao brought into the space started to flash with yellow light, then it turned into mist and disappeared. Zhao didn't care, because the first stone giant that he got from the Jie Shi Ling twins started to change. It turned green and crystal clear, making it look like it was carved out of a huge chunk of jade. The stone giant now looked more human, with his head actually looking like a huge skull. Of course, its eyes didn't have the soul fire like the undead. It was just an ordinary giant stone skull.
A stone giant that was eight meters high and looking at you with a huge skull, how would you feel?
Zhao didn't hide the stone giant, and instead made it stand to one side. The slaves in the space looked frightened, but they knew that this huge thing was summoned by Zhao, so although they felt some panic, they were also a little curious.
Just then, Zhao smelled the sweet scent of a peach. He turned around and saw where the peach aroma was coming from. It seemed like each of the peach trees had formed a knot, where a magic peach, the size of a basketball, had grown from. The magic peaches shined with light, and its skin looked pink and fragile, like it could be broken with a single touch.
Looking at the two ripe magic peaches, Zhao couldn't help but be delighted. He remembered that a tone had chimed in the space, but at the time he didn't notice it because he was paying attention to the battle outside.
With a thought, the two peaches were harvested. They instantly became smaller as they appeared in his hands, although they still looked very beautiful. The peaches felt heavy, but what was most notable about them was their soft and doughy texture. Even though he hadn't eaten them yet, he could tell that they would taste really sweet, especially with that aroma wafting off of them. Zhao gently squeezed the peaches, but he found that although the skin of the peaches looked thin, they were very resilient. Pinching them a few times didn't break them at all.
After examining the peaches, Zhao threw them into the spatial barn, then he turned around to see what else needed to be done.
Zhao suddenly noticed something about the hot springs. He went over and saw that the originally small fire fishes had grown to more than twenty centimeters long, plus their red color became more vibrant, looking more like fire.
The only problem was that they were just lying there, motionless.
Zhao was surprised. He checked the temperature of the water, but the springs were still hot. He then looked at the red plants, but there was no fewer than before, so there wasn't a shortage of feed. Then what happened?
He was puzzled, until he remembered the ripe magic peaches. Zhao smacked his head. He had been paying too much attention to the battle earlier, unable to notice anything else, including the tone chiming with the space telling him that the fire fishes have matured.
From the information that was downloaded into his brain, he remembered that when the fire fish matured, they would rush to the middle of the hot springs and lie still. And sure enough, these fishes were lying in the middle of the hot springs, motionless as a tree root.
"Damn, I should have listened to that tone chiming." Zhao smacked his head. He felt relieved when he figured out the problem. With a thought, all the fire fish started laying eggs.
According to the space's data, whether the fishes were male or female, once they were inside the space, all of them would reproduce. In other words, he had five fire fish, and each and everyone of them would spawn thirty eggs, totaling one hundred and fifty eggs.
At once, Zhao said, "Hatch eggs."
A red light flashed inside the hot spring, and all one hundred and fifty eggs became one hundred and fifty small fires fishes. A happy look appeared on Zhao's face. In his eyes, these fire fish will turn into gold.
Standing at the edge of the hot springs, Zhao added some more feed, then he went into the villa to check the situation outside.
Once he was in front of the screen, Zhao saw that Drunk and the other black mages had basically finished cleaning up the battlefield. There were now a lot more skeletons wandering around. With things finished, Zhao brought everyone into the space, including the new undead.
Once the skeletons were inside the space, the voice came and said: [Discovery of low class robotic objects. Strengthening low class robotic objects]
[Discovery of magic item. Extracting properties of magic item. Extracting magic from robotic objects. Extraction complete. Strengthening attack capabilities of the space. Host can now use black magic, earth magic, and light magic. Host's gene is defective. Ghost staff is required to use magic]
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 105 - Download Magic Info
Green had become accustomed to the voice these past few days, so when he heard what it said, he understood what it meant.
The space could now be used to attack as long as Zhao was using the ghost staff. While holding the ghost staff, Zhao could use three types of magic: light, black, and earth. Those who could use three elements were rare on the Continent.
Zhao was extremely happy. He didn't expect that the space would gain such an ability. Even though he was limited to using the ghost staff to do magic, this was still definitely good news.
Green walked quickly towards Zhao. "Master, did the voice really say that you could do magic?"
Zhao smiled and nodded. "Yes, that is what it said." He laughed. "Starting today, with the ghost staff, I will be able to use light magic, black magic, and earth magic."
Green clapped his hands and laughed. "Great! This is really great! This will guarantee Master's safety!"
Meirin and everyone else had all gathered around with a look of excitement when they heard the news. This was important. They had always worried about Zhao's safety, but now that Zhao gained this new ability, his safety was pretty much guaranteed.
Looking at everyone, Zhao gave a slight chuckle, then he asked, "Grandpa Green, have you turned one of the advanced level warriors into undead yet?
Green shook his head. "No, not yet. Drunk said that it would take a lot of time, and they haven't gotten around to it yet because they had been too busy."
Zhao nodded, then he realized something. "Grandpa Green, I think that this time maybe I should try to turn that advanced warrior into a high level undead. I just need to use the ghost staff."
Green thought about it for a moment, then he nodded. Zhao didn't say anything, and only waved his hand for Scales to come over and give him the ghost staff.
The moment Zhao took the ghost staff, a white light immediately flowed shined the staff and shot into Zhao's head. For a moment, Zhao's head had a halo of light as a lot of information was downloaded into his mind.
Once the light faded, Zhao knew what had to happen next. "Grandpa Green, I need to go to my room and sleep. Take care of those dead bodies. When I wake up, I will take care of them." Without talking to anyone, Zhao immediately went upstairs.
Although Green didn't understand what Zhao was doing, he knew that he shouldn't be concerned about that white light. Meg ran past Green and followed Zhao upstairs.
Green was a bit worried watching the two, but he didn't say anything. He just told Drunk to carry the corpses to the back rooms of the villa. After he gave that order, Green then took a look at the stone giant. The giant was standing there, motionless. It looked completely different than it did outside, but Green knew that it must be because of the space strengthening it. Although Green didn't understand how the space does it, he knew that the space would often extract the benefits of some things and give them to others. This was a very powerful feature of the space.
After examining the stone giant, Green looked around to see what else was new. It was then that he saw the hot springs and the magic peach trees. When everyone went out to fight, there were small unripened magic peaches on the trees and the hot springs only had five small fire fishes. But now the magic peaches were gone and the number of small fire fishes had gone way up. Green was able to guess that the magic peaches must have matured and were harvested, and the fire fishes must have spawned a lot of eggs. Green couldn't help but feel excited.
These fire fish will become a huge source of income for the Buda clan. And the magic peaches would allow them to get war pets, which was something that was coveted by experts.
Green looked around and found Daisy and Ann, then called them over. They quickly went towards Green, but they were nervous. Although Zhao had restored their status so they were no longer slaves, they didn't dare show the slightest disrespect to Green.
Green looked at the two and smiled. "You do not have to be nervous. I just want to ask, did the young master harvest the magic peaches?" He pointed at the magic peach trees.
Daisy quickly nodded. "Yes, Master had just harvested the magic peaches and placed them in the barn."
Green was delighted. "You two have been working hard. You can rest assured that I will tell the young master about your hard work, and he will surely reward you."
Daisy and Ann bowed together. "We don't need anything. It is our pleasure to work for the young master."
"Nonsense," Green said. "Once our situation improves, you will both get a reward. For now, you can go rest."
The two saluted, turned and walked away.
Meirin had been standing behind Green. Once the two had left, she faced Green and asked, "Green, we now have two magic peaches, and pretty soon we will get another two magic peaches. How should we divide them?"
Green thought about it. "I can get one, or maybe we should give it to Meg. Since she's following the young master around, she will need something to help her protect him. Or Blockhead and Rockhead should get it. But their strengths might be too low. I will talk to the young master about it. But I think that we should give one to Laura. It will help create a closer relationship with her, which will give us more benefits."
Meirin nodded. "Well, I think giving Meg the Iron Book should be enough to help her protect herself and the young master. And what about getting a war pet? I don't think Master needs one since he already has his undead. What about you? What kind of spirit beast do you want as your war pet?"
"I wouldn't worry about it. Good war pets aren't easy to get. The best war pet that I want is a nightmare horse, but those creatures can only be found in either Fire Island or Deep Magic. These two places are too far away from us. I do not have time to go there. So I can only look around to see if there's any other spirit beast that's right for me."
"Nightmare horses are indeed a good choice. However, you'll have to wait until we can further develop the Buda clan. But if you ever do catch a nightmare horse one day, then you better get the young master to bring it into the space because he'll be able to raise it until it gives birth to more nightmare horses."
Green laughed. "Yes, you're right. With the space, we'll be able to get more horses."
They then went into the villa.
Once they were inside, Green said, "Meirin, prepare something to eat. Once the young master wakes up, he will be hungry."
Meirin nodded. Just then Meg softly came down from upstairs. Meirin quickly went to her and asked, "Is the young master okay?"
Meg frowned. "He doesn't look well. It seems like he fainted, but he's also frowning, like his head hurts."
Green's brow wrinkled, but then he shook his head. "I don't think anything's wrong. The ghost staff shot a white light into Master's head, and he didn't seem worried about it. It shouldn't harm the young master. Still, Meg, you should wait in the young master's room until he wakes up, then call us."
Meg agreed, then she went upstairs.
After Meg left, Meirin turned to Green. "We can't afford for anything to hurt the young master. Is there really nothing wrong?"
Green shook his head. "Nothing should happen. The space is closely related to the young master. I think that the white light was just passing on knowledge or something, probably teaching the young master how to use those magic elements. Remember that before, the young master had not learned magic, but now three types of magic have been stuffed into his head. It would be normal for his head to hurt."
Green didn't understand everything about the space, but he was able to make the right guess. It was true. Zhao had never studied magic before, but now all this data about magic had been digitized by the space and downloaded into his mind. Now it only took Zhao less than a day to learn something that would normally take years.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 106 - I Can Do Magic
Zhao's head hurt. It felt worse than going through insomnia for ten days. However, there was also another strange feeling. A part of him felt like he was dreaming, like his soul had transcended his body.
In fact, Zhao's understanding of magic was too little.
Back on Earth, there was no real knowledge about magic, while the Ark Continent had written records that went back tens of thousands of years. Earth's civilization focused more on mechanical invention, but the Ark Continent's knowledge of mechanics came to a standstill, and instead they developed into a magic civilization.
Zhao had just consecutively received the knowledge for three types of magic. However, these three magic weren't strange. In this world, there were mages who learned two or three types of magic, and changed them to finally create a new kind of magic. Such examples of these abound.
For this reason, over the years, the Ark Continent's Prime Minister of Magic has been trying to track the geometric growth of the different types of magic in this world, but it has been impossible to keep records of all of them.
From who did Zhao learn these three types of magic from? An eighth level light mage, two seventh level earth mages, and the rest were from black mages. The number of magic spells that he would learn was a very scary figure.
It could be said that Zhao received a lot more information than last time. Precisely because of this, Zhao experienced a lot of pain. The more pain he felt, the greater the benefits. With the three types of magic he was receiving, it wouldn't be a problem for him to pose as a light mage or an earth mage, in addition to the black mage that he was already pretending to be.
Zhao didn't know how long he was lying in bed. To be honest, the beds in the villa were really comfortable so he didn't care.
After some time had passed, Zhao got up from the bed and stretched, but then he felt shocked because there was no longer any pain, and instead he felt refreshed. In fact, his mind has never been so clear before.
Just then, the voice came and said: [Forced development of the host's brain was necessary to receive the new information. Host's brain was developed by fifteen percent]
Zhao froze for a moment. He really didn't think that he would get such a good thing. Wouldn't this mean that he would become a genius?
He felt proud, until he heard Meg's voice. "Master, are you awake yet?"
Zhao quickly stood up. "I'm awake. Come in."
Meg pushed the door opened and saw Zhao standing there. "Master, are you alright? You looked like you were in pain earlier."
"It's nothing. Rest assured, I'm alright. I have fully learned how to use three types of magic. Go tell Grandpa Green not to worry." Zhao's impression of Meg was getting better and better. She was like his shadow, always standing beside him and helping him with his daily life. She was a girl worthy of Zhao's love.
Zhao didn't grow up in the Ark Continent, so generally, he's never met a woman like Meg. Back on Earth, women became more independent, but they have forgotten what it means to be gentle along the way. It was precisely because of this that Zhao found Meg's character to be so incredible. He found himself wanting to express his love for this girl, but he was shy and a man of few words.
Zhao was an otaku, and they usually don't express their feelings very well.
Meg and Zhao eventually went downstairs, where they saw Green who was sitting in the living room. "Hello, Master," Green said when he saw Zhao coming down.
"Grandpa Green, how long have I slept?" Zhao asked.
"More than five hours, Master. Are you hungry? Meirin has made you something to eat."
"Then let's go to the dining room. I want to tell you about the fortune I have made. I can now use three types of magic, so I will be able to pose as three different types of mages." Zhao laughed.
Green was also very happy. "That's great. This will further guarantee your safety. But Master, you still have to practice casting spells. Learning magic is one thing, being able to use the appropriate spell at the right time is another."
Zhao nodded. From what he learned about the three types of magic, Zhao felt that he had underestimated the Ark Continent. There were people in this world that were so powerful, it was beyond his imagination. The more you know, the more you should be afraid.
Green, Zhao, and Meg went to the dining room. Blockhead and Rockhead were already there, and since they had already gotten some rest, they were full of spirit. It had been such a long time for them to release their aggressive power, and not have to hold back. It was a good fight, but now they were relaxing comfortably. When Zhao came in, the two quickly said, "Master."
Zhao smiled at them. "You two look happy. You must have enjoyed the battle. How about I let you two follow Drunk and the other black mages into the carrion swamp to help them catch undead?"
The two immediately shook their heads. "Well, we think it will be better for us to keep following Master around."
Zhao and Green gave them a look, then they burst out laughing.
This battle's victory had made Green and Zhao very happy. Not only did they win, they won beautifully. Their strength has greatly increased and Zhao gained a new ability that would protect himself. With so many good things coming one after another, of course they would be happy.
Time progressed, and soon Meirin came out while holding some food. This time the meal was different. Usually, she would make something like bread and soup, but now she was serving stuff like rice porridge and other things closer to Chinese food. This was related to Zhao. He wasn't used to Western food, and preferred to eat Chinese food. So Meirin slowly learned how to cook it.
Meirin had also heard what they were talking about, so she was smiling too. Then she turned to Meg and said, "Meg, help me serve the meals. Master, you can just take  a seat."
Zhao smiled back, and then sat down. Green sat down too before he turned to Zhao and asked, "Master, have you already harvested the magic peaches?"
Zhao nodded. "I was going to tell you earlier. Before you entered the space, the magic peaches had matured and the fire fishes were ready to produce eggs. Oh, Grandpa Green, how should we divide the magic peaches?"
"You shouldn't worry about that. Soon you'll have a total of four magic peaches. I was just talking to Meirin about it, and we think that maybe you could give one to me. As for Blockhead and Rockhead, their strengths may be too low. Or maybe we should give one to Meg. In the end, I think that the one we should really give a magic peach to is Laura. Once we find a good opportunity to give it to her, we can make her a loyal ally to Master. Do you agree?"
Zhao thought about it. "I don't see a problem with giving Laura a magic peach. But we can't hand them over to any others. If people find out that we have these magic peaches, we won't even know how we died."
Zhao was absolutely justified in saying this. Although the fire fish could bring some gold, the magic peaches were something that a lot of experts would want, and they would do everything they can to take them.
Green nodded. "Master's right. If everyone found out that we have these magic peaches, then we would really be in danger. In this world, there are numerous strong people that could kill us. Even though we have the space, it would be impossible to defeat every single expert on this Continent."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 107 - Disappointing Interrogation
Zhao nodded. "I know that, so we should be careful. Although Laura could help us develop the Buda clan, do not forget that she is a businessman. The length of time we know her is too short. One wrong step and we'll be in danger."
"Then we'll wait until we can get a better look at Laura to make sure that she's credible," Green said.
After breakfast, everyone came out of the villa. At this time, Zhao harvested some radishes, then planted a new batch. Once he was done with that, he took out the advanced warrior's body.
As for the body of Garan, he had already searched it and found a crystal card that contained twelve hundred gold coins. This was an unexpected gift.
In fact, when it comes to money or land, Garan's clan was very rich. It wouldn't be strange for him to carry a few crystal cards. These cards use the blood identification method. Once you receive a card, a drop of your blood would become like a password that identifies you as the owner. Only you would be able to take money out of the card. It would be unacceptable for someone else to hold the card.
Although Garan ended up at his undead, Zhao was unable to take the money out of the card. Even so, he was unwilling to throw the card away, so the crystal card was stored in the spatial barn.
Now it was time to get down to business.
Zhao began waving the ghost staff around the advanced warrior's body until a cloud of black gas wrapped around the corpse. This wasn't the same black gas as when Drunk turned that assassin into a low level undead. This black gas had faint electric blinking lights.
One of the benefits of using the ghost staff was that there was no need for incantations. For Zhao, simply choosing what spell to cast was enough.
A moment later, the black gas diffused, then the voice came and said: [Transformation into a high class robotic object successful. Strengthening with toxins. Strengthening with long-range attack capabilities]
After what the voice said, the skeleton on the ground looked no different than the other undead in the space. Looking at it carefully, Zhao said, "Get up. What is your name?"
The undead got up and saluted. "Master, my name is Shadowless Night."
"What organization do you belong to? Who is your leader?" Zhao asked.
"Master, I belong to the House of Night Assassins, headed by the leader known as Kill Shadow. But the organization has another identity in the Ark Continent. It is also known as the Night Shadow mercenary group."
Zhao nodded, then at once he asked, "Where is the headquarters of this organization you belong to?"
Shadowless Night shook his head. "Master, I do not know. The members of the group are brought up from adoption and then given training. We just listen to what the leader tells us to do. In the end, I don't know where the headquarters is."
Zhao couldn't help but feel disappointed. "If you don't where your headquarters is, then how do you pick out a task to complete?"
"The heads of the organization just tells us. We dare not disobey or ask questions, otherwise we would be sentenced to death with no chance to escape."
Zhao couldn't help but suck in a breath. Shadowless Night was someone who went through endless blood and death, reaching a strength comparable to a seventh level warrior, yet this organization would easily be able to kill him if they wanted to. How powerful was this organization?
"How many people total are in this organization? And how strong are they?" Zhao quickly asked.
"In the organization, I am what's known as a gold level assassin. There are fifty people like me in the organization. Those at a higher level are known as crystal level assassins, which totals about five. The rest at the lower level are silver level assassins, and their numbers are many, around six hundred. In the end, I don't know actually know how many people are in the organization. At the lowest level are bronze level assassins, but they are among the most common assassins, even weaker than fifth level warriors."
Green and Zhao's faces changed. They didn't expect that the organization they were facing was so powerful. They had fifty people that was as strong as Shadowless Night, and there were even more powerful experts than him. Their enemy really was a monster.
In this battle, Zhao and everyone else only managed to cope against such strength because their enemy only sent three members, along with some hired help, against them. What would happen if they dispatched their entire force? Would the Buda clan be able to contend against such a huge group of assassins?
Zhao decided to worry about it later, and then asked, "What about Garan? What is his relationship with the Purcell clan?"
Shadowless Night shook his head. "There is no relationship. When we received this task from the leader, we recruited Garan to deal with you, Master."
Zhao couldn't help but sigh in disappointment. From Shadowless Night's words, it seems like Garan was just a pawn who pretended to have a connection to the Purcell clan. Unfortunately, he was the right choice to recruit for this battle because light magic would be useful for clashing against a black mage. If it weren't for the space making the undead immune to his light spells, they probably wouldn't have won.
With this thought here, Zhao waved his hand and brought out the skeletons of the three mages. When Garan's and the Jie Shi Ling twins appeared, Zhao and Green couldn't help but feel surprised for a moment. These three undead mages were different compared to what they were expecting.
The undead Garan wasn't the same as the other undead in the space. His skeleton was nearly transparent white in color, almost like he was carved out of pure diamond. It gave off a holy feeling.
How could a skeleton make people feel that it was holy? This was too weird, right? This was what Zhao and Green was thinking in their hearts.
They then looked at the undead Jie Shi Ling twins. These two brothers also weren't the same as the other undead in the space. Their skeletons had a yellow shade to them, almost like they were made of some kind of crystal clear yellow emerald. It was very beautiful, yet also gave the feeling of being as calm as a mountain.
Now that Zhao thought about it, the undead Shadowless Night also gave a feeling that was different from the other undead in the space. Even though his skeleton looked the same, it gave off a feeling of cold and extreme danger, like a snake lurking in the darkness.
This feeling wasn't so obvious, and in this Continent, only the strong would be able to hide their auras. This was enough to prove how strong Shadowless Night was, even though he was now just an undead skeleton.
In fact, when someone is turned into an undead, their strength would inevitably weaken. Like Garan, who was originally at the eighth level, but became an undead at the sixth level. Although, since he was strengthened by the space, it could be said that he could fight shoulder to shoulder against someone at the seventh level.
Zhao asked Garan a few more questions, but the result was the same as when Zhao questioned Shift. Garan still had his abilities, but he lost all of his memories of the time when he was alive.
Disappointed, Zhao sighed, then put Garan inside the spatial barn. Not only that, he changed Garan's name to Gamma, and also renamed the Jie Shi Ling twins as Jie and Shi.
As for the warrior who was the leader of that mercenary army, Zhao allowed him to continue commanding that army, which was now undead, as well as the undead army from the carrion swamp. The only ones he wouldn't command was Zhao's undead, Drunk and the black mages, Gamma, Shi and Jie, as well as Shadowless Night and the undead assassins.
Zhao knew that Drunk was not really a commander. His only experience was as a black mage working in a small group. But that warrior wasn't the same. He had spent his life researching the matters of war, so Zhao let him command his army of undead, freeing Drunk from the job. As for Shadowless Night, since he was proficient in assassination, he would control all the undead assassins. This plays into their greatest strengths.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 108 - Troubling World
Once they finished everything in the space, it was time to go to the Iron Mountain castle. Drunk and a few black mages were sent to the swamp, while Scales and Brick, plus five hundred undead, were left to guard the castle. They then went to the Stony Mountain manor, where the three undead mages Gamma, Shi, and Jie, plus two hundred undead warriors and one hundred undead assassins, were ordered to guard the estate.
The manor was a very important place because it was where they would receive the blue-eyed rabbits and wait for Laura. Zhao was very confident that they would get her cooperation. After all, they left on good terms.
It was daytime when they left the villa and came to the manor. The battle against Garan's army had taken a total of no more than two hours. But after resting in the space, and eating, it took longer than that. Now it was nine in the morning. There was a black fog enveloping the estate, stopping anyone from seeing inside. This time it was the black mages, Edge and Punch, creating the black fog. Although Zhao could now do it himself, at times he might need to go into the space or travel to the castle, so the two black mages were needed to keep up the black fog.
Last time, it was Scales and Brick who was guarding the manor, while Edge and Punch were guarding the castle. But Zhao decided to reverse their positions. He wanted them to become familiar with both places. Getting them to understand the terrain was necessary for them to display their greatest fighting strengths. For the two black mages, along with Gamma, guarding the manor, it gave Zhao a very reassuring feeling.
As for the castle, to be honest, Zhao wasn't worried about it as much. It was in the depths of the Black Waste, and with the threat of the carrion swamp, most people wouldn't go there. Plus, Zhao had the space, which would allow him to teleport there in the shortest possible. With this measure of security, Zhao didn't need to worry about it as much as the manor.
On the contrary, the manor was in a more dangerous situation. It was very close to Casa city. If that city decided to dispatch troops, it would only take two days before they would reach the foot of Stony Mountain. For Zhao, this was a huge threat.
Although he could bring people to safety inside his space, this still wouldn't protect the manor. They needed the manor as their stronghold.
Of course, with the space, it was possible for Zhao to just take down those troops, but he didn't want to expose his powers too early. After all, the Purcell clan was paying attention to them. More importantly, that mysterious force was also watching them, which made Zhao feel uneasy.
It could be said that Zhao was an insecure person. After the battle against Garan yesterday, he knew that even more people would pay attention to them.
And as soon as they start trading with Laura, those people would pay attention to what they bought, and they couldn’t possibly buy goods from the castle in the Black Waste.
That was why the manor on Stony Mountain was so important to the Buda clan. It was their only connection the outside world. It was where they would get information, obtain supplies, or sell things. It was no use trying to make transactions in the Black Waste. If the Buda clan dared to do that, the Purcell clan would step in. That was why the manor was particularly important.
So the only problem was that they couldn't let anyone know that the Buda clan owned the manor.
Among the nobles in the Aksu Empire, the Buda clan was definitely a taboo. They didn't want the Buda clan to rise up again. If they were ever to find out what the Buda clan was doing, those nobles would do their best to suppress it. Zhao didn't have the confidence to keep the Buda clan safe.
But as long as they didn't reveal themselves as the Buda clan, with their current identity, no one would want to mess with them. That was because he was now known as a black mage. Nobody was willing to provoke a black mage.
Whenever people on the Continent mentioned black mages, they would also think of poisonous snakes. That snake will bite you, and even if you don't die from its toxins, you would at least be crippled. More importantly, even if you managed to kill the snake, it won't do you any good if its poison was already in your body. No one wants to mess with a poisonous snake, just like no one wants to mess with a black mage.
Especially a black mage that was able to defeat Garan and his army. This time Garan's loss was quite heavy. He was an eighth level light mage that had two seventh level earth mages, three advanced level warriors, one hundred assassins, and three hundred hired mercenaries, and yet he was still defeated. This force was equivalent to the strength of a small clan.
Garan's defeat was like a powerful deterrent against anyone who was thinking of trying to take down Zhao the black mage.
Right now, Zhao was standing next to the ginkgo tree in the manor's yard. He sighed and looked up, but the blanket of darkness shadowed the daylight. He felt depressed. He really didn't like to fight, and instead he just wanted a secure and easy life.
Meg was standing beside Zhao, and when she heard him sigh, she couldn't help but feel curious. "Master, why are you sighing?"
Zhao turned around and looked at the woman who was as sweet as a child. In her hands was Garan's Iron Book, which Zhao gave to her. He didn't need this book because the space had already analyzed it, and now he could use its power with his staff. Besides, Meg really loved this book. She even holds it while sleeping at night.
Zhao gave a sad smile. "Meg, why do so many people love to fight? I don't want to fight. I know that there are those fighting to make a better life for themselves and for the people around them, but why must they force me to fight them?"
Meg looked at Zhao. It may be the same body, but she couldn't even see a shadow of the past Adam. In the past, Adam was ignorant, greedy, and lustful. He would never say these timid words.
But now there was Zhao, who was good natured and responsible, but also sentimental. These two personalities were completely different. However, Meg liked this Zhao rather than the original Adam.
"Master, even if you don't want to fight, others will come fight with you. If you have anything that interests them or if you're a stumbling block, they will not hesitate to kick you down. In their eyes, we are nothing but weeds on the roadside. As long as something interests them, they would do anything to get it."
Zhao looked at the sky and muttered. "Interests. Ah, yes, interests. In the end, they would dare to do anything if it interests them. This really is a troubling world." He gave a sad laugh.
Meg didn't know what to say but her heart was sighing. "This world....."
They both suddenly heard footsteps.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 109 - Sean
Zhao and Meg turned around. It was Green.
Green had put on his armor. To others, wearing armor on their bodies would be cumbersome, but it didn't bother Green. His footsteps were normal, and even seemed ethereal.
Thanks to the benefits of the space, Green's strength had reached the peak of the eighth level. He was just waiting for the opportunity to make a breakthrough and become a ninth level warrior. Then he would be among the few strongest people in the world.
Every large clan needed an extremely strong expert, otherwise that clan would have no way to escape the bad luck of being swallowed. The Buda clan was one such example.
Although Green and Meirin were very strong experts at the eighth level, it was nothing in comparison to the ninth. With those two, the Buda clan could be considered very powerful, but not invincible. Still, although they weren't able to stop the Buda clan's banishment, with their strength, they were able to deter the nobles from trying to completely wipe out the Buda clan.
When Zhao saw Green come up, he asked, "Grandpa Green, is it time?" They had been waiting for the someone from the Markey Company to send the rabbits that Green bought. That was why Zhao asked that question.
Green nodded. "They will arrive soon. With one hundred gold coins, I bought a total of three hundred blue-eyed rabbits. And with the remaining ten gold coins, I bought five scaled wildebeests, which will be used to pull the carriages that are carrying the rabbits."
Scaled wildebeests were a common spirit beast on the Continent. Although they weren't fast at running, they were very strong, making them suitable for carrying things.
Zhao agreed with this purchase. Although they could have just asked the Markey Company to help with the transport, buying the scaled wildebeests was the right choice. Once he brings them into the space, the scaled wildebeests would reproduce, becoming another source of income.
"Grandpa Green, remember to not allow them to drive the carriages up to the villa, or else they will be attacked by the undead," Zhao said.
Green nodded. "Well, I'll go make the arrangements." He didn't oppose Zhao using the undead to stop those carriages. After all, Zhao wasn't just pretending to be a black mage, but a Necromancer who used black magic. If he didn't use his undead, then that wouldn't be normal.
It could be said that if there was a mage on the Continent that didn't use slaves, it was a black mage, since some of them could just summon undead skeletons to do their work. Plus, the undead were easier to use than slaves.
So right now, Zhao sending some humanoid undead to help Green with the carriages was completely normal.
Sean worked for the Markey Company branch in the Purcell duchy. He was just a small steward, and his main job was to manage the porters. His position in the company wasn't that high.
But Sean also had another job. He was also responsible for finding news for the Markey company. He had a special way of finding things out, which was to check the goods that were being transported. This allowed him to collect a lot of useful information.
It looked difficult, but in fact, it wasn't. You could tell a lot of things from the stuff people move around in the Purcell duchy. Even if the stuff was wrapped up, you could learn what it was from its size and weight.
The Markey company was a well known firm throughout the Continent, and so there were a lot of people in a cooperative relationship with them. One of which was Sean, who no one paid attention to because of his menial job. They wouldn't suspect him of gathering information, some of which was quite useful.
No one on the Continent, including Sean, had ever heard of the black mage named Zhao before. But recently, he became a household name in the Purcell duchy. Even beggars knew who he was.
The most Sean was able to find out so far was that Zhao had the Markey company's VIP gold medal which had the Bana symbol on it. That could mean that those rumors of Zhao saving Laura could be true!
Because of this, he wanted to pay closer attention to Zhao. When Green came to buy things, Sean immediately went to the Markey company and won the task of helping him mount the blue-eyed rabbits on the carriages and transporting them to Stony Mountain.
Sean was very enthusiastic in helping Green, seeking ways to please him. He wanted to leave a good impression, and did his best to talk to Green on their way to Stony Mountain.
Everyone in the Purcell duchy knows that a very powerful and mysterious black mage now lived on Stony Mountain. But it was just a desolate mountain with nothing but rocks and stones. How could rocks be useful for black magic?
It was because no one knew that a lot of rumors about the black mage sprung up in Casa city. They say that he was preparing a powerful spell to attack Casa city. They say that he was collecting corpses to help him practice black magic. They say that he was using the hot spring to wash his body with something evil. Out of all these rumors flying back and forth, there was no good words that were said.
But Sean knew that what the people were saying was not true.
After making his living collecting information for the Markey company, Sean had some understanding of black mages. He was very clear on the fact that black mages simply weren't as terrible as the rumors say. They just acted a little strange. In fact, there were a lot of black mages that were good. A lot of the ways to treat traumas were created by black mages. But in the Continent, light mages were very popular, while black mages were unwelcomed.
However, these rumors had nothing to do with Sean. What he was most concerned about was find out more about Zhao the black mage, and that was why he was going to Stony Mountain.
Sean wasn't part of the Markey clan, but he was one of the people that were loyal to Laura Markey.
Supposedly, Laura's father, Kevin Markey, was terrible at business, so he was assigned to run the Markey company branch in the small duchy owned by the Purcell clan. But everyone didn't realize that Laura was so good at business, with skills impressive enough to take over for her father. Now she had a confidant in each store that she ran, and Sean was one of them.
Sean's allegiance was only to Laura, and because of this, he was concerned about Zhao. With all these rumors of Zhao saving Laura or attempting to kill Laura, in the end, he had to know what kind of person Zhao was.
But Sean didn't think that with less than a day's journey left to Stony Mountain, Green would tell them to continue transporting the shipment, while he ran ahead.
Although Sean didn't know why Green wanted to buy so many blue-eyed rabbits, he didn't ask. It was clear that there were some things that should never be asked.
Once Sean reached Stony Mountain, he could see that it was shrouded by a black fog. Although this blanket of darkness was very strange, Sean knew that it wasn't some sort of offensive magic, and was simply meant to block people's attention.
Sean stopped at the foot of the mountains. He didn't know what to do next until he suddenly heard a burst of footsteps. Along with the footsteps came the sound of bones crackling across the ground.
When Sean and his men heard these sounds, they couldn't help but feel scared.
Suddenly, they saw Green, who was wearing full armor, appear in front of them. Sean didn't actually know Green's name. He only knew that he was a very strong warrior and a servant to the black mage.
Sean went up to greet the warrior, but then he suddenly stopped and his face became pale. That was because behind Green was a lot of undead.
Green had brought twenty humanoid undead to help him with the carriages. These undead used to be ordinary warriors, but now they had the appearance of dark green skeletons. They simply looked monstrous.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 110 - Cavalry
It was because these dark green undead looked so terrifying that Sean and his men felt afraid. These undead must simply not be trifled with.
Noting their expressions, Green said, "Do not worry. These undead were summoned by my Master and will not just randomly attack you. Well, it seems like you have successfully completed your task. As thanks, here are some coins, Sean. Share it with your brothers. You can all go back now."
Green gave Sean five gold coins. This was no small amount of money. Sean had a total of ten men with him, which means that they each would receive five silver coins. For these porters, this was considered a small fortune.
But although he took the gold coins, Sean wasn't happy. "Dear warrior, how about letting us help you bring the carriages up the mountain?"
Green shook his head. "My Master would not like you bothering him at his house. You must go back." With a wave, the undead rushed forward to take over four of the carriages. Green then looked at Sean with cold eyes. "Sean, let me remind you that this mountain if full of undead. With just a few words, I could order them to attack you. Honestly, it's best that you go home." With that, Green got on to a carriage and went into the black fog. It only took two steps before you couldn't see his shadow.
Once Green left, Sean couldn't help but break out into a cold sweat. He knew that Green must have found out that he wanted to take a look around. Sean was a fourth level warrior. Although he didn't know what level Green was at, he knew that it was a lot higher than his. If Green wanted to kill him, it would be almost like strangling an ant.
Sean immediately turned to the porters and said, "Let's go back."
They all turned around and walked back to Casa city. Their faces were pale.
Green had long found out what Sean was up to because Sean's performance was a little too enthusiastic. Knowing how sensitive their identity was, Green couldn't let people come see them, otherwise they would end up in danger.
As of now, there were a total of five carriages moving up the hill towards the manor. Each carriage was filled with sixty rabbits. These rabbits pretty much looked the same as the ones found on Earth. The only difference was their blue eyes.
Each carriage was equipped with thirty wooden cages, and there was a pair of rabbits in each cage. Fortunately, these carriages were large, otherwise it wouldn't have been able to fit everything.
Zhao was standing in the manor's yard when he saw the carriages come in. Each one was pulled by a scaled wildebeest. They were two meters tall, and they grew scales the size of fingernails, plus hairs in the crevices of these scales. Looking at these creatures made people feel uncomfortable. Their heads were similar to horses, but they had horns that were a bit like the wildebeests back on Earth. However, their bodies didn't look as smooth and strong. Instead, their bodies were more like cows, rather than horses. Despite that, their legs showed that they must have good endurance.
As Green saw Zhao looking at them, he smiled. "Master, how do you like these scaled wildebeests?"
Zhao nodded with a hand on his chin. "They're good. They will be useful for pulling things in the future. Grandpa Green, help me remove these things."
Zhao, Green, and the undead opened the cages of the blue-eyed rabbits. All the while, Zhao brought them into the space.
Once the blue-eyed rabbits were in the space, the voice immediately came and said: [Discovery of new animal. Identifying. Mammal, lagomorpha leporidae, long-eared rabbit variant. Level three. Based on animal data, they could be raised in the ranch. These rabbits can now be purchased from the shop. Young rabbits maturation time is ten hours. They can reproduce in eight hour intervals. They can only reproduce five times, each time will create ten new rabbits. They feed every four hours. Due to gene variation, the rabbits can attack with water arrows. Attack range is ten meters. Attack power is low]
Zhao was very satisfied with what the space told him about the blue-eyed rabbits. Although they could only reproduce five times, each rabbit would be able to yield him a total of fifty more rabbits, and their maturation time was very short. It wouldn't be long before the ranch was up and running.
After that, Green detached the scaled wildebeests from the carriages, then Zhao brought them into the space.
Once the wildebeests were inside the space, the voice immediately came again and said: [Discovery of new animal. Identifying. Mammal, bull fighting wildebeest variant. Level three. Based on animal data, they could be raised in the ranch. These wildebeests can now be purchased from the shop. Young wildebeest maturation time is twelve hours. They can reproduce in eight hour intervals. They can only reproduce five times, each time will create five new wildebeests. They feed every two hours. Due to gene variation, the wildebeests can create a stone body with a duration time of two hours. Defensive power is low]
Hearing this, Zhao couldn't help but laugh. The scaled wildebeest was really something good.
After Zhao had sent the rabbits and wildebeests into the space, Green wanted to see what expression Zhao would make. Seeing Zhao with a happy expression, Green couldn't help but feel relieved. "Master, can we go into the space and look at the wildebeests and rabbits?"
Zhao turned around and faced Green, and saw how much he looked forward to it. He chuckled. "Well, let's go see."
Of course, they had to bring Meg along as well because Zhao, Green, and Meg were the only ones in the manor. Blockhead, Rockhead, Meirin, and the slaves were at the castle, where there were many things that they needed to do.
Zhao brought Green and Meg directly into the spatial ranch. When they came inside, they couldn't help but freeze for a moment. The pasture of the ranch was a really large and open place. Three hundred blue-eyed rabbits were roaming around, and although they were slightly bigger than the ones on Earth, they were still small enough that the grass would block them from sight.
Zhao didn't forget that these blue-eyed rabbits and scaled wildebeests needed to be fed. He brought in some radish leaves, which the space automatically turned into the grass that these rabbits and wildebeests eat.
When Green saw all these rabbits everywhere and the wildebeests running around, he couldn't help but give Zhao a wry smile. "Master, is this alright? It will be difficult to pay attention to all of them."
Zhao slightly chuckled. "Just look at this." With a thought, he brought up a flute, which was one of the tools of the spatial ranch. A tune came out of the flute, and suddenly all the animals ran forward and lined up in front of Zhao.
Green and Meg stared at this, never expecting that the space would have such a function. After a while, Zhao smiled and waved, and those rabbits and wildebeests ran away.
Seeing this, Green couldn't help but muttered. "The space could actually make them line up. Could it also move them into groups and ranks, like soldiers?"
"Grandpa, what are you saying?" Meg laughed when she heard what Green was muttering.
Green recovered a bit, then chuckled. "I'm just talking nonsense. There's no way that animals could move around like troops....." When he said this, he suddenly froze for a moment as if he thought of something. His eyes brightened as he turned to Zhao. "Master, can this ability to line up the animals be done outside?"
Zhao was taken aback, but he murmured, "I don't know. Let me see. Can I use the formation function outside the space?"
The voice immediately came: [The formation function can be used outside the space]
This time Green didn't need Zhao to help him understand what the space said. He burst out laughing. "Great! This is really great!"
Zhao and Meg still didn't understand. "Grandpa, what are you talking about?" Meg asked.
Seeing the two's puzzled look, Green couldn't help but let out a slight chuckle. "Ah, in a cavalry, a group of knights would queue up into a formation. When they attack the enemy, they would start off by charging forward. But where do you think a cavalry's power comes from? It comes from attacking together in a maintained formation."
Zhao and Meg didn't understand military matters, but after listening to Green, their eyes lit up. Everyone knew about the large power of a cavalry, but they still faced a difficult problem. That problem was the beasts that they were riding.
You could teach discipline to a knight, but you couldn't teach discipline to the beast he was riding. Sure, in the beginning, it's easy to line up the cavalry in a neat formation. But once they started running, it was difficult to maintain the formation. If it could be maintained, then the power of their assault would increase many times over.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 111 - War Slaves
-This chapter was sponsored by Unknown (San Francisco, US) and Grzegorz S (Poland).
With shining eyes Zhao said, "This is something we should test, right? Grandpa Green, shouldn't the undead be able to do what you just said too?"
Green's eyes also brightened as he nodded. "Master, we must immediately go to the Iron Mountain castle where there are some spirit beasts we left behind. Let's see if it's effective."
Zhao agreed, and with a thought, he, followed by Green and Meg, traveled to the teleport point in the castle square.
They didn't find Meirin in the living room, nor did they find Rockhead and Blockhead there. They must be busy. At the castle, there were a lot of things to do. In addition to planting alfalfa seeds on the mountain, they were also preparing to plant oil fruit seeds.
Alfalfa seeds had been planted on the mountain and would one day become fertilizer, turning the soil so that other species of plants could be planted. And what they decided to plant next was oil fruit seeds. These seeds had been modified by the space so that it didn't have its weakness of being susceptible to pests. Of course, they could have just gotten rid of any pests with pesticide, but they feared that this would just add poison to the crops.
As well as planting these seeds, the slaves were also doing other jobs like repairing the castle. It was easy to see that there were still many places that needed rehabilitation. It was a big job.
Fortunately, some of the undead were able to help. If a person couldn't lift something, then let the undead do it. To cope with this job, Zhao had deliberately left a hundred humanoid undead in the castle, while the remaining two hundred men were left defending the Stony Mountain estate.
So now, to help out the slaves and keep them safe, there were one hundred humanoid undead and four hundred undead spirit beasts wandering around the castle, guarding it in case someone tried to sneak in.
While Zhao was in the living room, he sent out a message to all of those undead to meet him outside the castle.
After this happened, Ann, who was working with the slaves to repair the castle, saw the undead mages nod to each other, and then they started walking out of the castle. As for the four hundred undead spirit beasts that were patrolling around the mountain, they all started converging together in one location.
All these undead soon went up to Zhao. Once all the undead had gathered, Zhao waved the ghost staff in his hand and said, "Phalanx."
Those undead immediately lined up in neat rows until they formed a square formation. Zhao couldn't help but nod his head before waving the staff again. "Move!"
The phalanx slowly began to move, but there was no mess within the formation. It stayed as neat and sharp as a knife. With Zhao's command, they all started moving faster and faster, but the formation remained in its box shape. No one moved too quick or too slow.
Green grew excited watching all of this. For their clan, this was a windfall. These undead could really march in a formation that didn't break into chaos, forming a cavalry. This was really important. With a cavalry, what would there battles be like? Thinking about it was exciting.
Zhao continued with changing the formation. Once he had an understanding of what this feature could do, he let the undead loose to go about their business, then he followed Green back into the living room.
After Zhao and Green sat down, Meg took the initiative to make them two cups of tea. Green was still excited as he said, "Master, this feature is really useful. As long as we have this, not only will the Buda clan have a cavalry, it will be the best cavalry in the world. This feature is able to maximize the abilities of what a cavalry is supposed to do."
Zhao nodded. Although he had never been in an army before, nor was he ever in a battlefield, he was a fan of things about the military. In his past life, he would frequently watch tv programs about warfare. In the era of cold weapons, before guns and cannons, a well trained cavalry represented absolute power.
If the Buda clan had such a powerful cavalry, then no one in this world would dare to move against them.
In this world, the strongest experts were those at the ninth level. They were so powerful that they could be compared to nuclear weapons back on Earth. However, ninth level experts weren't so easily sent off into a battlefield. They acted more like deterrents. If a clan wasn't suffering from a life or death situation, they would generally not send out their ninth level experts.
Most of the time, these experts would concentrate on closed door cultivation, trying to understand the laws of heaven. They hoped to make a breakthrough to the tenth level. Everyone believed that when you reached the tenth level, you would be among the realm of the gods and become a deity.
For this reason, almost all of the ninth level experts would focus their efforts on cultivation and ignore everything else. Gaining immortal life and becoming invincible was their goal.
So under normal circumstances, you wouldn't see any ninth level experts on the Continent. It was even rare to find eighth level experts sent out to battle. In other words, when it comes to the power of a clan, the most important thing was their soldiers.
In the Continent, the nobility were allowed to have private soldiers, especially in their fiefdoms. As long as you paid your taxes to the Empire and you didn't launch a rebellion, you could keep raising more private soldiers. The king would generally turn a blind eye to this because, after all, these great noble clans have existed for so long that even if the king wanted to control them, he would be powerless to do so.
Most importantly, some of these nobles had ninth level experts behind them. Even if their expert didn't do anything and just acted as deterrents, no one would dare underestimate them.
The Buda clan was banished because of this reason. Their power was too thin. Although they had two eighth level experts, Green and Meirin, that wasn't the same as having a ninth level expert that could protect them from being destroyed.
But if the Buda clan had the most powerful cavalry on the Continent, then no one would dare do what they like against them. Even the king of the Aksu Empire wouldn't easily be able to lay his hands on them.
Green still had a look of excitement even as he said, "But a lot of the undead aren't suitable for riding. See if Drunk and those black mages can catch any large, high level spirit beasts from the carrion swamp, then we would have a lot of beasts to ride and set up a cavalry with."
"Yes, but now we not only lack spirit beasts, but also trained soldiers," Zhao said.
Green's face sank. "Ah, yes, unfortunately we have no one with cavalry training. It seems like this plan must be put off for the long term."
"Never mind. We can just build up a cavalry slowly. There is time. As long as we do some business with Laura, with the support of more gold, we will eventually be able to set up a cavalry."
"It seems that's the only way." Green nodded. "Once we make more money, we can buy some more slaves, and maybe even some war slaves that we can set up a cavalry with."
War slaves were defeated soldiers who had been relegated into slavery. Such people had good fighting skills, there were even those who were warriors at the fifth level. However, their prices were very high. Common slaves could be bought for around ten gold coins, while war slaves had a minimum price of one thousand gold coins. There were even some that were so expensive they had a high price of ten thousand gold coins.
When it came to common slaves, slave owners would generally only feed them things like moldy rice, but that was not so for slaves with military skills. War slaves were generally treated very good, with some even having better living conditions than free commoners. This was the difference between common slaves and war slaves.
It could be said that now it would be impossible for the Buda clan to buy a war slave even if they spent all of their money. To form a cavalry with war slaves, they would need a lot more gold.
In the eyes of those wealthy nobles that had millions of gold coins, the Buda clan was almost like beggars.
Random Notes: Often times strange things would pop into my mind, and I feel like I should share it with the world. So since I have your attention, I will now occasionally add random notes at the bottom of a blog post that has nothing to do with this web novel. Enjoy!
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 112 - Too Optimistic
At noon, Rockhead and Blockhead, as well as Meirin, returned to the castle. The three of them heard from Ann that Zhao and Green had come back. They were surprised since they knew that Zhao was staying in the space.
Finding Zhao and Green in the living room, Meirin quickly went over and asked, "Master, Green, why are you back? Is there a problem?"
Green smiled. "Everything's good. We just came back to test something." He then explained to Meirin what they had been doing, and her eyes shined. Over the years, she and Green had been helping take care of the Buda clan, so she certainly understood what this could represent.
But Green then told her some of the problems they would run into, and like a pot of cold water, Meirin's enthusiasm cooled down, but she nodded. "Ah, yes, these are indeed big problems. However, I don't think we can solve it by buying war slaves. Those slaves are usually prisoners of war or criminals with some skills. They aren't good people. In the battlefield, they are likely not to contribute anything for us. Such people are useless. I think it's better to buy some common slaves and then train them with cavalry skills."
"You say it like it's easy," Green said, "Why can't we buy war slaves, but other large clans can?"
"You old man should not confuse us with other large clans, because they have enough strength to cope with war slaves. Don't we also need money to buy weapons for the slaves? And why can't we train some common slaves to ride a beast and make a cavalry out of that?"
"I guess your way is right. Plus the price to buy common slaves would be a lot cheaper." Then Green frowned and said, "But there is a problem. Those slaves generally don't practice martial arts. Their combat effectiveness would be limited compared to warriors."
Meirin smiled slightly. "I've already thought about that. The reason some people don't know any magic or martial arts is because they never get the chance to study it. Plus they generally wouldn't have anything that could help them with their cultivation. However, Master is able to grow magic vegetables in the space. After eating these magic vegetables, I have observed that the slaves that we had already bought have become more able-bodied. If we buy more slaves and raise them up with these conditions, I think that in a few years, they will become soldiers that could fight for us."
Green had no objections this time. Those magic vegetables produced by the space were indeed amazing when compared to ones grown on the Continent. For example, the magic radishes in the Continent could only be regarded as one of the most common magic vegetable because the magic contained within was too small. If a mage or warrior were to eat one of those magic radishes, they will not gain much benefits.
However, the magic radishes grown in the space was an exception. They contained powerful magic, about five times more than the ones grown on the Continent. At this point, they didn't know what other magic vegetables the space could produce, but the amount of magic they contained shouldn't be any lower than the magic radishes, and in fact, some of it might be higher. Green's strength was about to break through to the ninth level, and this was not unrelated to the magic vegetables.
With this thought, they couldn't help but turn to Zhao, who slightly chuckled. "This should be easy to handle. We just need to wait for the space to level up, then we will have enough magic vegetables for a lot of people to eat everyday. This is not something to worry about." Zhao then added, "And it's not just magic vegetables. It's also possible that the blue-eyed rabbit meat inside the space could also be useful. It would not be difficult to train up some slaves to become warriors."
Green and Meirin's eyes brightened from what Zhao said. With the power of the space, they would constantly be able to feed the slaves with food that contained magic, like vegetables and meat. If they were to use those, then the progress of training soldiers would be very alarming. If those big clans would try such a thing, it would be impossible because even they would be unable to afford to feed their common soldiers so much magic vegetables.
"It seems that the most important thing to do right now is to level up the space, then we will be able to get more land," Green said, "More land means more magic vegetables, and that will also help us gain more income for the Buda clan. But this will take time, so we can only develop slowly. We must not be impatient."
Meirin nodded. "Ah, yes, the foundation of the Buda clan is too thin. We are still too weak to expose our identity. Even now, we have a mysterious and powerful enemy fighting against us. In this case, we can't be too careful."
Zhao agreed. "Even if we have the ability to make a cavalry, we still have to take things step by step, otherwise we will be in danger."
"We can't do too much and must remain low key," Meirin said, "I think what we should focus on is just working with Laura and making some money, so we can buy rare plants that will help Master level up the space. Once the space reaches a high enough level, it will be able to lift the Water of Nothingness from Master's body, then you could learn magic and martial arts. I think that for now, having the lord of the Buda clan learning magic and martial arts is more important than building up a cavalry."
Everyone recognized that what Meirin said was right. If the space could level up a little faster, and lift the Water of Nothingness from Zhao's body a little earlier, then it will revive the Buda clan out of their hopeless situation.
Green nodded. "Ah, I didn't think that this old woman would have a greater understanding than me. Well, Master, we should go back to the Stony Mountain estate. Laura will return in two days, and we must complete our deal before we can talk about other businesses, like selling oil fruits, blue-eyed rabbits, and scaled wildebeests. Working with Laura, it's not impossible to make some money and develop the clan silently. We should silently accumulate money and power, waiting for the day when we can soar!"
"Yes, the most profitable business in the world is a monopoly business. If our unique magic vegetables could be sold at a good price, then we will have a monopoly on the market throughout the Continent. It will be easy to make more money. We don't need to rush," Zhao said.
Green nodded. "We should take our time to slowly develop the Buda clan. Ever since we defeated Garan, we have been a little too optimistic. We shouldn't forget that right now we have been banished to the Black Waste with no ability to resist."
Zhao gave a wry smile. They had used the space to beat Garan, and since then they had become too confident. It shouldn't be forgotten that the aristocracy weren't opponents that they could simply deal with. There were some noble clans that had ninth level experts. And for those that didn't, they would be willing to pay a certain price to ask for a ninth level expert's help.
Before, when those nobles were dealing with the Buda clan, they didn't even need to ask a ninth level expert to help them. It wasn't worth it for such a high price. They might as well just banish the Buda clan to the Black Waste and let them fend for themselves. However, if those nobles found out that the Buda clan had made a turnaround, and even had some great benefits that they would want, then maybe this time they would pay the price to send out a ninth level expert.
Zhao saw how strong Green and Meirin, who were eighth level experts, were. Then how strong was an expert at the ninth level? Zhao didn't dare imagine it.
He couldn't just stay in the space forever and never go out. Once he left, a ninth level expert could put him down in a second. In that case, they would be finished.
Thinking about this, Zhao let loose a breath. "Ah, yes, this time we have been too optimistic. It seems that staying low key is good. Grandma Meirin, at night you should rest in the space. Practicing there will be good for you. If the Buda clan had a ninth level expert, then no one would dare lay hands on us."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 113 - Laura Returns
For the next three days, Zhao had been staying in Stony Mountain. In that time, he had harvested his radishes eleven times, plus he gained another two magic peaches and two more batches of oil fruits. Now Zhao didn't have to worry about not having enough radishes. The space had given him ten times the amount that was needed for his transaction with Laura.
In addition, he now had three hundred mature rabbits, with one thousand rabbit cubs, as well as ten adult scaled wildebeests and six hundred of their foal.
Most importantly, Zhao was also able to raise thirty thousand fire fish.
In the entire Ark Continent, thirty thousand fire fish was undoubtedly, not a drop in the bucket. If he really did sell thirty thousand fire fish at one moment, this would cause a huge sensation, because it would take a year to yield thirty thousand fire fishes.
Zhao could imagine what would happen if thirty thousand fire fishes flooded the market. It would compel all the great nobles to try to find out where they came from. If that were to happen, then the Buda clan wouldn't even know how they died.
As for the blue-eyed rabbits, Zhao didn't intend to sell them. He wanted to keep them for their meat so they would provide a good meal for the slaves.
Ah, meat. For the slaves, it was a rare thing. It could be said that their fathers, and even their grandfathers, have never eaten meat before. Of course, this only had to do with those who were born as a slave, because that would usually mean that their family had been slaves for generations. That wasn't the same as Daisy or Ann, who were once free commoners, but then were forced to become slaves. They had eaten meat before, like from blue-eyed rabbits or long-haired pigs.
Within these three days, Zhao used a lot of feed, but for him, that was nothing. He was able to cope with that huge amount with his radish leaves.
This was worth it because not only did the blue-eyed rabbit taste good, the space had also made them useful for those who practiced magic or martial arts. Although the meat didn't have the same effect of magic as his vegetables, they were quite adequate. Especially the fire fish. They tasted great and provided many benefits as well, with effects even more amazing than the meat from the blue-eyed rabbit. Eating the flesh of a fire fish was like drinking a magic potion.
The scaled wildebeests had also been changed. Now they had amazing endurance and their running speed was faster. Previously, they were like pack mules, but now they were almost like horses.
All of these changes was related to the space. It had modified the animals to compensate for their shortcomings. This was definitely good news for Zhao, because this would help him establish a strong army.
In this three day period, Zhao had been keeping tabs on the situation of Casa city. The city had been suffering because now they didn't have an intelligence network, leaving them deaf and blind. That was because they didn't have the manpower since their assassins had become undead and no longer working for them.
At this time, Green had arranged for some assassins to hide outside of Casa city. They were there to prevent anyone from coming to attack Stony Mountain, and they were waiting for Laura.
Right now the most important thing to Zhao was the deal with Laura, so he wanted to know the moment she came back.
Of course, this was also a test for Laura. If she comes back, and then takes the initiative to go see them, this would show her gratitude and will convince Zhao to form a deeper cooperation with her. However, if she doesn't come to see them when she returns, Zhao would still cooperate with Laura, but it would just be casual.
Since they will be working together, Zhao had to come up with a way to explain how he was able to raise so much fire fish so Laura wouldn't suspect anything. In the estate, there were already hot springs with some small fire fish, but now he was planning to put some of the red plants into the ditch in the manor's yard. As for where these red plants came from, Zhao wasn't going to tell Laura, and he believed that she wouldn't ask. After all, everyone has their own secrets.
Three days quickly passed, and they had been busy. Everyday, he had been improving the land in the canyon on Iron Mountain. Also, he arranged for Meirin to help him with a test. If nothing was growing in the Black Waste because of the toxins from the carrion swamp spirit beasts, then would the water from the moat help the corn seeds germinate and grow? The space had improved the water around the castle, giving it a detoxification effect. However, this water was more diluted than the spatial water, so the effect might not be as good, but Zhao wanted to try and see if it could solve the problem of fixing the black soil.
Since this was outside the space, he would have to wait a few days to see the results of whether or not the corn would grow.
Also during this three day period, Zhao would often get in contact with Drunk and the other black mages to check on their progress in the carrion swamp. They had managed to go in fifty yards, and they also encountered a number of undead spirit beasts. Unfortunately, the levels of these undead spirit beasts were too low. There was no use for them, so they didn't catch them.
There were also some plants in the swamp, but they were nothing special, so they weren't collected. Anyway, Zhao didn't hurry them. No one knew anything about the carrion swamp, so Drunk's job was just to explore and understand it.
As for Green, over these three days, he had been searching for plants in the forests. Unfortunately, the plants that he found were mostly the same as the ones he previously discovered. None of them allowed the space to level up.
The forests around Casa city had been trampled over, so there simply wasn't a lot of spirit beasts. There were only a few low level spirit beasts, and they weren't of much use for the space. When Green brought any of these spirit beasts back, hoping that they would level up the spatial ranch, the space would say that they had no merit, and would obliterate them.
Zhao knew that leveling up the spatial ranch would be difficult, but he didn't worry. Right now he could already keep one thousand animals in the ranch. This number was certainly not low. Even if the ranch doesn't level up, it was enough for him to use.
He wanted to focus on raising blue-eyed rabbits rather than scaled wildebeests. In addition to their meat, he could also use the rabbit's fur to make winter clothes. If he could go into business with Laura with these blue-eyed rabbits, then he was ready to breed them in large quantities.
As for raising these rabbits in the mines of Iron Mountain, he wasn't in a hurry to do so. He was prepared to wait until he could buy some tools, like a bellows or an oil press machine. It wasn't just radish leaves, he could also feed the blue-eyed rabbits with any number of things, like the excess parts of oil fruits after he used the machine to press out the oil. But since he couldn't do that now, he was prepared to wait.
Three days later, at night, outside of Casa city, the waiting assassins had just sent news to Zhao that Laura had returned!
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 114 - Grandpa Kun
-This chapter was sponsored by Joshua (Texas, US) and Elizabeth (Illinois, US). Thanks!!!
Laura was calmly sitting in the carriage, while Nier was sitting beside her. This carriage wasn't like the ordinary one they had used to get to Montenegro Fortress, where they had to remain low key. This carriage was an ornate one pulled by four snow stallions.
Snow stallions were fourth level water spirit beasts. They looked like ordinary horses, but they had a white body with some water magic elements. These horses were docile, so they were easy to tame. The only problem was that they were very expensive. There were even some nobles in the Continent that couldn't afford them. Snow stallions were like status symbols.
As for the carriage that Laura was sitting in, it was an ornate one built with two layers. The outer layer was made of iron driftwood. Not only was it as hard as steel, but it could also block most magic attacks. The inner layer was made of bread cotton. This material came from a very particular plant, soft as cotton but also highly elastic. It was excellent for making a variety of furniture. Unfortunately, bread cotton had a very low yield. In the Continent, an average person wouldn't be able to afford it.
In other words, you would need thousands of gold coins to buy this carriage. And the total value of the four snow stallions were worth fifty thousand gold coins.
While riding in this expensive carriage, Laura had a calm face. Her transaction had been completed. However, her losses were not small. She had lost a total of three hundred guards, and if it weren't for Zhao, she might not even be alive herself.
And Laura noticed another thing. Someone from her clan must have found out about her trip to Montenegro Fortress and arranged for people to mess with her business. This wasn't a surprise since she knew that the road wouldn't be peaceful. However, Laura didn't want to retaliate yet. She didn't know if the ones who were against her was from the upper echelons of her clan or just one of the other heirs.
If it was the upper members of the clan, then that would be troublesome. Those people represented the entire clan, so no one would help her if she decided to fight back. But if it was one of the heirs, then that wasn't a big deal. She was ready to fight them to see who was more powerful.
With this thought, Laura couldn't help but frown. She wasn't afraid if it was a battle of wits, but she also knew that she was missing something: a master.
Her father, Kevin, wasn't a good choice because although he was a seventh level mage and could be considered an expert, he had very little actual combat experience. Even though his level of magic was high, he wouldn't know what to do in a battle. It was like her father had chosen the wrong career. Instead of a mage, he should have just been a alchemist.
Thinking of choosing a master, Laura couldn't help but think of Zhao. He was a mysterious black mage that was really amazing. Not only did he save her life, he was also able to defeat all obstacles and settle down next to Casa city.
Laura had done a background check on Zhao, but she came up with nothing. It was as if he came out of nowhere. Still, she was able to find out what happened to Zhao around Casa city. It was precisely because of this that she had kept up with recent events. Now she knew of two fights that he had been in, but to be honest, she didn't expect such an outcome on the last battle.
She had seen Zhao's strength so she knew he was very strong, but she still didn't expect that he would be able to deal with someone like Garan. Everyone knew that light mages had an advantage over black mages, but in this case, the light mage was defeated and had vanished without a trace, leaving many people scared.
To tell the truth, Laura didn't feel entirely at ease with Zhao. His timing was too coincidental, and he seemed to be living outside Casa city as if he was waiting for her. This made her skeptical of what his motives were.
Although Zhao did rescue her, do not forget that it was the undead black mages of the Immortal Mercenary Group that attacked her, and Zhao himself was a black mage. Who knew if there was someone kind of collusion between them.
As Nier sat beside Laura, she saw her frown, so she couldn't help but ask, "Miss, what unhappy thing are you thinking of?"
Laura turned around, saw the look on Nier's face and gave a slight chuckle. "Nothing, Nier. After we get home, get some rest. Tomorrow we'll be going to visit Mister Zhao."
"Miss, aren't you worried of what he might do to you? Why do you have to go see him?" Nier felt surprised.
Laura smiled slightly. "First, we have to thank him for saving us, and second, to deepen our connection with him."
Nier nodded. She didn't know many things, and left these sort of machinations up to Laura. She was as simple as a piece of paper. This was what made Laura feel a desire to protect her.
Just then, the carriage stopped. Searle, the driver, said, "Miss, we're home."
Nier immediately opened the carriage door while Sergio put down the foot board, allowing Laura to walk off the carriage.
Laura's home was in the Xicheng District of Casa city, a wealthy aristocratic neighborhood where rich people lived. Although Laura was only part of a branch family of the Markey clan, in the Continent, no one would dare underestimate anyone in that clan, especially in such a small territory like the Purcell Duchy. After all, Laura's father, Kevin Markey, was the second heir to the clan, which was an even higher position than the Grand Duke of the Purcell Duchy.
The power of the Markey Company spans across half the Continent, making it a lot more prestigious than a mere duke from the Aksu Empire. Because of that, Laura's home was placed in the best position in the Xicheng District, a gorgeous area that covered acres.
Just as Laura got out of the carriage, an old man went up to meet her. This old man was the housekeeper of their home, but to Laura, she respected him like he was her grandfather. Laura's mother died when she was small, and this old man had raised her as if she was his own grandchild. He taught her a lot of things, and if it weren't for him, she wouldn't have accomplished any of today's achievements.
When Laura saw the old man, she immediately greeted him. "Grandpa Kun, you didn't need to personally come to the door. You could have just let others to do it."
Kun gave a chuckle. "It's okay. I heard that someone tried to deal with you. Of course I wanted to take a look to see if my little Laura was hurt. Well, the Immortal Mercenary Group? Those bastards, just thinking of them makes me mad. Sooner or later, I'm going to go destroy them. Since they dared to fight against you, I think that they don't want to live."
Kun's words weren't light. He was strong with the strength of an eighth level warrior. In fact, Laura's martial arts skills were learned from him.
Laura smiled. "Grandpa Kun, you don't need to worry about the Immortal Mercenary Group. Anyway, where's my father?"
From the mention of Kevin, Kun couldn't help but give a wry smile. "He's in his laboratory. He wanted to pick you up, but you know how it is. Once he starts with his experiments, he will forget the time."
"Never mind." Laura knew what kind of person her father was, so she didn't care. "Grandpa Kun, did you prepare something delicious for me?"
Kun laughed. "I know what you want when you come back. Rest assured, I have prepared something delicious. I deliberately sent someone to purchase two small fire fish. Do you think those are good enough for a meal?"
Having heard of her favorite thing to eat, Laura couldn't help but cheer loudly. "Great! There's fire fish!" She pulled Nier with her as they ran inside. At this moment, she displayed herself as a true teenage girl, nothing like the high and decisive front she showed to outsiders.
Looking at Laura, Kun couldn't help but smile as he followed her into the house.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 115 - Businessman
-This chapter was sponsored by Jaimie (UK). Let's give a big round of applause to this guy!
After dinner, Laura went to her living room. This wasn't the large living room used to entertain people. This was more like an inner chamber that only Laura's most trusted men could come into. Now there were only three people here: Laura, Nier, and Grandpa Kun.
Laura and Kun were sitting on the sofa, holding a cup of tea in their hands, while Nier was standing beside Laura.
Laura drank her tea, then she turned to Kun. "Grandpa Kun, tomorrow I will be making a trip to Stony Mountain to visit Zhao. Do you think this is a right decision?"
Kun also drank his tea, and nodded his head. "It's okay. After all, he did save your life. Recently, Zhao's name can always be heard in Casa city. You should know that just a few days ago, he had asked us for help with a shipment of blue-eyed rabbits, although I don't know what he would want them for. Right now Stony Mountain has become restricted, and most people will not even get too close, but tomorrow I will go with you."
No matter what, Laura will always ask Grandpa Kun for his opinion. This just shows how much she respects him.
Because of what he said, Laura felt relieved. Kun looked at her and smiled. "Do you have doubts about Zhao?"
Laura nodded. "Ah, yes, I started to have a little bit of doubt about him. It's just that his emergence was just too coincidental. Plus, he is a black mage, so I'm afraid that he might have ties to the Immortal Mercenary Group."
Kun was still smiling. "That is unlikely. I did a deep background check on the Immortal Mercenary Group and it seems like they belong to a secret organization. When Zhao was attacked, it was probably related to that organization, which included Garan and the three advanced level warriors. Although I can't find out more than that because this organization is very large and mysterious, I am certain that Zhao has absolutely nothing to do with them."
Laura's face changed. "There is such an organization? And the black mages of the Immortal Mercenary Group is part of them? But since Garan is a light mage, it is unlikely that he is in league with this organization."
Kun gave a slight chuckle as he looked at Laura. "Silly girl, nothing is impossible. This world is not as simple as you think. Do you think that all light mages are enemies against black mages? In fact, in this world, black mages aren't necessarily evil, and light mages aren't always clean. It's only because black magic doesn't have a good reputation that many people misunderstand it."
Laura nodded, understanding his words. "Then if this mysterious organization has control of such strong forces, then why don't they lord it over us? Why has no one on the Continent heard of them before?"
"Those with real strength doesn't need to lord it over this world's people. Any dynasty will face destruction eventually, but a force that hides underground will be difficult to destroy. The presence of these large forces have been there since ancient times, penetrating into every aspect of this Continent. They are definitely a force that you can't make light of."
This was the first time Laura has heard of such a thing, so she couldn't help but feel surprised. "Who can control such a force?"
Kun smiled. "No one knows."
"Well then, we just have to deal with them with our own hands," Laura said.
Kun shook his head. "That is impossible. If those big forces wanted to deal with us, we wouldn't be sitting here now. Do not underestimate their power. If they really wanted to destroy us, then we would be unable to resist even if the entire Markey clan came together."
Laura was surprised. "They have that much power?"
"Yes, they are that powerful. The Markey clan could be considered a strong clan on the Continent, but compared to those big forces out there, if they wanted to deal with us, we would most likely be dead."
"They sound very dangerous." Laura frowned. "Now that Zhao has defeated the Immortal Mercenary Group, wouldn't that usher in revenge against him?"
Kun gave a slight chuckle. "This Zhao is not so simple. I doubt that he doesn't also have a large force supporting him, otherwise as a black mage, how would he be able to summon so much high level undead. Do you think that a mage without any background would be able to do such a thing?"
Laura froze for a moment. "Grandpa Kun, are you saying that Zhao is also that powerful?"
Kun nodded. "It is possible. From the way he's doing things, it's likely that he is part of some other large underground force. If we could get in contact with them, maybe we could gain some benefits."
"But would those benefits be worth it?" Laura asked. "If Zhao represented a vast underground force, and they do battle against the forces of that mysterious organization, wouldn't we just be in danger if we get caught between them?"
"Little Laura," Kun smiled, "After so many years in business, if you haven't yet understood that sometimes you'll have to make risky investments, then you're not qualified as a businessman. Tomorrow, we will go see Zhao, and that is tantamount to making an investment. I believe that he is suitable to invest in."
Kun calmly explained. "You have to remember, as a businessman, life has two kinds of people. Those that are worthy enough to invest in and those that are not worthy enough to invest in. This includes your friends and relatives. If your friend deserves an investment, then you can invest in him and help him, and one day you will gain some benefits. But there are people that are not worthy of your investment, and these people could even be your relatives. You can help them, but your help must have a limit, because these people will not give you anything in return."
Laura looked at Kun in a sly way. "Grandpa Kun, what kind of person am I?"
Kun coughed twice, then stared at Laura. "You are a special circumstance, not one of those two kinds of people."
Laura laughed.
Kun was looking at Laura, but he had a wry smile on his face. He knew that Laura was smart and very decisive in her work, but she was also too soft-hearted. Sometimes you have to be heavy-handed in business. But Kun understood the reason for this. After all, Laura was only eighteen years old, and was just blooming as a girl. It was impossible to expect more out of a young girl.
Kun sighed. "Whether or not Zhao is part of some large underground force, his strength is still certain. If we befriend him, it can only be good for us."
Laura nodded, then she frowned. "Anyway, Grandpa Kun, Zhao did save my life. Tomorrow, we should have some gifts ready to give him. What kind of gift do you think we should bring?"
Kun also frowned. "I don't know. What if we sent a bad gift that Zhao wouldn't like. This is really not easy to handle."
"Ah, but when I first talked to Zhao, he seems like a man that you could get along well with. And he is a mage, so I think that we should choose a robe and magic staff as gifts. The last time I met him, his robe and staff were ordinary ones, so I think that something with the wind element or moonlight will be good."
Kun nodded. "That's a good idea. We could give him a moonlight robe, since it's a dark robe perfect for black mages. And a wind element magic staff could increase the strength of black magic. The total value of these two gifts will be more than fifty thousand gold coins. I think Zhao should be satisfied."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 116 - Formidable
Moonlight robes were a type of dark robe. This dark robe was woven from the hair of a dark eagle, which was a seventh level spirit beast. Not only did it fly fast, what was most notable about it was its strong defense. Generally, magic and martial art attacks would have no effect on it. Dark eagles were known as the black kings of the sky. They were elegant and a little rebellious.
This robe could defend against fifth level magical attacks, as well as fourth level or less martial art attacks. It was a high level magic item with a market price of twenty five thousand to thirty thousand gold coins.
As for the wind magic staff, it was made from a century old willow tree that had been soaked in the blood of a wind spirit beast. Not only did it increase the strength of wind spells, it also made black magic spells stronger. The entire staff was blue with a crystal set at the head. The market price for this magic item could be about twenty thousand to twenty five thousand gold coins.
Laura was going to give these as a gift, but the price wasn't low, and reached fifty thousand gold coins. This was equivalent to half the tax of a small territory.
The next morning, Laura, Nier, and Kun were riding in a carriage on their way to Stony Mountain. This time they were followed by twenty guards with Sergio as the leader.
Laura was quite confident that no one in Casa city, including the Purcell clan, would dare to attack them. Because of their identity, if someone dared to attack them, that was tantamount to angering the entire Markey clan.
Right now they were sitting in a carriage that was pulled by snow stallions, while Sergio was riding a third level horse spirit beast. They were moving fast. Normally it would take two days to go from Casa city to Stony Mountain, but for them half a day would be enough.
The moment Laura left Casa city, this news was directed towards Zhao.
This result was what Zhao wanted to see. In the living room of his manor, Zhao smiled as he sat next to Green. "It seems that Laura is worth cooperating with. Just after she got back from Montenegro Fortress, she is coming to visit us."
Green smiled slightly. "Yes, they seem to actually have quite a bit of conscience. But if we want to further cooperate with them, we still have to test them to see if we could work together."
"I was thinking the same thing. After all, we have too many things that other people would be jealous of. Even if Laura is credible, there is no guarantee that the people around her won't be greedy. We still have to be careful," Zhao said.
Green nodded. "Then shouldn't we go prepare to greet them?"
"Ah, yes, you should get ready."
Shortly before noon, Laura asked, "Sergio, how much time before we get to Stony Mountain?"
While riding his horse next to the carriage, Sergio at once said, "Miss, you can already see the mountain rocks by now. But the mountain has gone through a big change."
"Oh? Really?" Laura opened the front of the carriage to take a look.
The carriage had two doors, one in the front and one in the back. There were two rows of benches on the left and right side of the carriage, with a small box in the middle, containing things to eat. The box was designed with ice magic, keeping the stuff inside at a lower temperature. There was also a magic lamp in the carriage that was used to heat things. It could be said that this carriage was like a room that was a full six square meters, three meters long and two meters wide. It was big enough that you could sleep comfortably in.
Because of this design, the cost of this carriage was very high. Only those with identity and status would be able to afford it.
Laura looked out of the carriage and saw Stony Mountain. However, it didn't have its original look because the whole mountain was surrounded by a cloud of black fog. She then understood why Sergio said that Stony Mountain looked different.
The reason why Laura knew what Stony Mountain originally looked like was because it had a hot spring. When the merchant that owned Stony Mountain wanted to sell it, he mentioned that it had a hot spring that could be used to raise fire fish. Of course, Laura as a businessman wouldn't let such an opportunity pass by, so she came to Stony Mountain to examine it. But in the end, although there were a few small fire fish, the hot spring simply didn't have the ability to raise them at a large scale, so Laura gave up on it.
However, she still remembered what Stony Mountain was supposed to look like, but now it was covered in black fog.
Kun couldn't help but chuckle as he looked at Stony Mountain. "To cover up a whole mountain with a blanket of darkness would require a black mage to at least be at the sixth level. It seems like Zhao really is very powerful."
On the Continent, it was recognized that a black mage that had managed to reach the fifth level was very powerful. That was because black magic was very weird, so almost no one was willing to challenge a fifth or higher level black mage.
Laura smiled slightly. "Of course, Zhao's strength is stronger than a sixth level. He was able to deal with the Immortal Mercenary Group. Plus he could summon more than a thousand undead, and each of those undead were very powerful. A sixth level mage couldn't do that, right?"
Kun nodded. "Ah, it seems like his rank should be at the eighth level, otherwise it would be impossible for him to defeat Garan. But then again, what happened to the one hundred assassins of the Purcell Duchy that were with him? It's not very likely that they were all killed. Some of them must have fled. Yet, none of them have come back. If they're not alive, then they would be dead, but no one has found their bodies."
"Those assassins might not be easy to kill, but don't forget that Zhao could summon more than a thousand undead, so wouldn't those undead thirst for flesh? Or maybe Zhao used his abilities as a black mage to turn them into undead? It's not impossible for Zhao to kill Garan's army and bring them back as undead."
Kun's face changed, then he nodded his head. "That is most likely what happened. It seems that Zhao is more ruthless than I thought. I am now even more curious about him."
The carriage stopped at the bottom of Stony Mountain. Just then the black fog became more volatile, and then it split apart, revealing a road that went up the mountain. In the middle of the road was a man that had a helmet covering his face. Laura recognized him. He was one of Zhao's followers.
The man standing in the middle of the road was of course Green. Zhao had sent his assassins to track Laura's every move ever since she left Casa city. When she arrived at the mountain, he ordered for the black fog to separate.
Green bowed to Laura, and said, "Welcome, Miss Laura. My master knew that you were coming here today, so he specially ordered me to come greet you. Please follow me." Having said that, the black fog split again and out came Alien. Green jumped on its head, then it turned its huge body and walked straight up the mountain.
Laura didn't know what to do for a moment, but as she saw Green walking away, all she could do was tell the carriage driver to follow him.
Kun's face didn't look so good as he watched Green. "Laura, this Zhao isn't so simple. It's likely that he really destroyed Garan. He was actually aware of our whereabouts, so he would have known in advance if Garan had tried to set up an ambush."
Laura nodded. "I didn't think that Zhao would be so powerful. Oh, but the more powerful he is, the better. We need a formidable ally."
Kun was sullen as he muttered. "Allies that are too formidable might not necessarily be a good thing."
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 117 - Surprised
-This chapter was sponsored by:
Pamela (US)
Dylan (Australia)
Jaimie (UK)
Cody (US)
Robert (US)
Thank you everybody!!!
The guards surrounded Laura's carriage as they walked up the road. The black fog enveloped them from behind, like a monster that had swallowed them, making everyone unconsciously speed up.
Soon they saw the manor at the top of the mountain. The last time Laura was here, she saw how shabby the manor was because no one had taken care of it for a long time. But since Zhao lived here now, she thought that it would have been renovated, but there seemed to have been no renovations or maintenance. From the outside, everything still looked shabby.
The doors of the manor were opened. Inside were two rows of humanoid undead standing in line. The bodies of these humanoid undead were dark green, like they had been carved from jade. They were scary looking, but far from the point of terror. On the contrary, these undead almost looked like a work of art.
These two rows added up to nearly one hundred undead, each of them wearing armor that was usually worn by mercenaries, and they were carrying weapons.
When Laura and Kun saw how they were dressed, they couldn't help but look at each other's eyes as they understood. They knew that sometime ago, Garan had brought a lot of mercenaries to deal with Zhao. And Laura remembered that the first time she met Zhao, he had summoned a lot of undead, but very few of them were humanoid ones. Yet suddenly there were so many humanoid undead. If you add in their outfits, it was natural to figure out where they came from.
Green was sitting on Alien at the back of the yard. When Laura's carriage stopped in front of him, he jumped down and stood next to the carriage, then he bowed. "Please, Miss Laura, my master is waiting for you in the living room."
Laura nodded, then she, Nier, and Kun got down from the carriage. Green then turned to her and said, "Miss Laura, please tell your men to follow the undead. They will take them somewhere to rest." He pointed his finger at the undead, and they all immediately bowed to Laura.
Laura and Kun were surprised for a moment. They were very well-informed, but they had never seen a smart undead before. Although they were surprised, Laura turned to the leader of the guards and said, "Sergio, follow them and go rest."
Sergio nodded as he and his men followed the undead.
Green led Laura, Nier, and Kun around the yard. Along the way, Laura stole some glances to look at everything. Although it wasn't much, the yard did go through some renovations, making it cleaner. As the four continued on, Laura's and Kun's eyes found the ditch where the hot springs flowed through.
The last time she was here, the hot springs weren't anything to take note of, but this time, it was all she could see. That was because of the fire fish.
Dense. They couldn't count the number of fire fish that were packed inside the ditch. Seeing this scene stunned both Laura and Kun. They were very clear about the situation of Stony Mountain. These hot springs were unsuitable to raise so many fire fish, but not only were they alive and well, they were even bigger than the average-sized small fire fish. How was this possible?
Green couldn't help but smile as he watched the two stop and stare. Of course, he had deliberately led them here. After seeing the fire fish, it would ease their talks of cooperation. Green then turned to the three and said, "Miss Laura, my master is waiting for you inside."
Laura snapped back to reality, but then she pointed at the fire fish and stammered, "This, this, how did you do this?"
Green smiled slightly. "This is our home. Please come inside." Then he led them into the reception room of one of the buildings.
Laura could see that Green didn't want to say, so she didn't ask anymore questions. She just exchanged a surprised look with Kun as they followed behind Green into the reception room.
Zhao and Meg were standing in the reception room, waiting for Laura and her group. When he saw Laura enter, Zhao said, "Welcome, Miss Laura. I didn't think that when you just got back yesterday, you will be able to see me today. I am really honored."
Laura bowed to Zhao. "Mister Zhao, compared to your life-saving kindness, this is nothing. I feel happy that I haven't disturbed you with my abrupt visit today."
Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "Miss Laura is too polite. Please come in."
They all went into the living room, where they sat on two sides so they could face each other. Meg brought a pot of tea and gave each person a cup. Laura didn't pay attention to the tea, but instead noted the Iron Book that Meg was carrying.
Laura and Kun were well-informed people, so naturally they would recognize the Iron Book, but they didn't think that a servant of Zhao would actually be holding it.
Zhao noted where the two's eyes were looking, but he didn't say anything about it. "This is a small place, and we don't really have anything to entertain you with. Please, won't you two try our tea?"
The two recovered and politely took a sip from their cups. Zhao looked at Kun and asked, "Miss Laura, who is this?"
"Sorry, how rude of me," Laura said. "This is my housekeeper, but I respect him like an elder. He is my Grandpa Kun."
Kun stood up, and then he bowed to Zhao. "I would like to thank Mister Zhao for rescuing Miss Laura. She is like family to me."
Zhao waved it off. "It's not worth mentioning. Sit down, Mister Kun."
Kun sat back down, while Laura looked at Zhao and asked, "I have a question, but I don't know if it iss improper for me to speak."
"What do you want to ask me, Miss Laura?"
Laura looked at Meg. "Mister Zhao, your maid is holding the Iron Book. But where did it come from?"
Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "Oh, I just took it from someone who wanted to come here and make trouble. It's not something I can do anything with, so I just rewarded my maid with it."
Laura and Kun carefully glanced at Meg. Those two could be considered experts, so they were able to detect a strong wave of magic fluctuating off of her. It seems that she wasn't anything less than a fifth level mage.
The two couldn't help but feel surprised. Ever since they came to Stony Mountain, they were overcome by too many surprises. Whether it was a whole mountain covered by black magic, the courteous undead that could understand people, the large number of fire fish, or a maid that was also a fifth level mage, all of these things surprised them.
Laura and Kun could see the glimmer in each other's eyes. Kun paused for a moment to take a deep breath, then he turned to Zhao and asked, "Mister Zhao, what happened to the man who attacked you?"
Zhao smiled. "Haven't you seen that he has become my servant?"
Although they were kind of expecting it, to hear Zhao tell them, they still felt very surprised. "Mister Zhao, are you saying that you made a light mage your servant?" Kun was well-informed, so naturally he knew that it was difficult for a light mage to be turned into an undead. There was a high probability of failure, but even if they succeeded, it would only become the lowest level undead. Did Garan, an eighth level light mage, really become an undead? If Garan didn't become an undead, then how did Zhao get his hands on the Iron Book?
In the Continent, Garan was a famous light mage. It wasn't just because he was at the eighth level, he was also best known as someone who was specialized in fighting black mages. As long as Garan finds a black mage, he would challenge him. Those black mages would only have a little chance of surviving once Garan sets his sights on them. Because of this, Garan gained a nickname: Black Mage Killer.
Garan had been able to win so many battles that many black mages feared him. Apart from being an eighth level light mage, he also had the Iron Book, which could seal a lot of light spells. A lot of black mages had died because of the Iron Book.
Zhao smiled at Kun, then he turned to Green. "Go call Gamma."
Green saluted, then he turned and walked out. Laura and Kun gave Zhao a puzzled look, but Zhao just smiled and didn't say anything as he took a sip of tea. Soon footsteps were heard, and Green came back in with an undead behind him.
When Kun and Laura saw that undead, they were stunned!
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 118 - Special Dishes
This was the first time Laura and Kun saw such a strange undead.
It was a humanoid undead that had a white, almost transparent, skeleton. It wore a gorgeous white robe and it was holding a white magic staff. It didn't take much to figure out that these were a light mage's equipment.
A white skeleton was not worthy of attention. However, the bones of this skeleton wasn't simply white, but a crystal clear color that sometimes shined with a holy light. This skeleton was indeed worthy of attention.
An undead that gave off a holy feeling? Were the gods living in hell?
Laura and Kun were stunned by the skeleton that was standing behind Green. They really didn't know what to say to describe this undead. Its skeleton was really too strange.
Zhao looked at the two's expressions, then he looked at Nier who was standing beside Laura. She was a petite maid with very little presence, just like how Zhao was. The look on her face wasn't the same as Laura's or Kun's. They had a look of shock, but Nier's expression was more of curiosity. Yes, it was curiosity, not surprise.
Zhao couldn't help but think that Nier was interesting. Her eyes were pure, clearly reflecting the thoughts inside her head, like a pure crystal. This was the first girl Zhao had ever seen that had pure eyes. Don't forget that Meg would sometimes have a sly look in her eyes. But Nier's eyes were pure, like she could heal your soul.
Eventually, Zhao recovered, and then he smiled at the white skeleton. "Gamma, say hello to Miss Laura and Mister Kun."
Like in a traditional aristocratic ceremony, Gamma extended his greetings to them like a gentleman. He was so graceful about it that for a moment, Laura and Kun forgot that he was an undead, and they greeted him back. Afterwards, they both felt a little embarrassed about it.
Curious, Laura asked, "Mister Zhao, you mean to say that this undead was Garan?"
"He's no longer Garan. In the future, the world will only know him as Gamma," Zhao said. "Okay Gamma, you can leave now."
Gamma bowed to them, then turned and walked away.
Laura stared at Gamma's departing back, then she faced Zhao. "Mister Zhao, what level of undead is Gamma?"
Zhao thought about it. "I think he's at the seventh level, but I'm not quite sure."
Laura and Kun saw a glimmer of shock in each other's eyes. They were very clear on the fact that a black mage turning a dead man into a high level undead was very difficult.
"Mister Zhao, does Gamma still have his memories from when he was alive?" Kun quickly asked.
Zhao shook his head. "This is not so. At the beginning, he just became an ordinary undead, but then I used an arcane magic that allowed him to remember how to cast light spells. Although this made it so that he's no longer low level, it still didn't help him recover any other memories."
Laura and Kun didn't really understand, how could an undead be able to use light spells? They really wanted to know what secret law that Zhao had discovered.
It was very clear that a lot of black mages had been searching for ways to turn their low level undeads into high level ones, but after so many years of research, they had made little progress. If those black mages were to know that Zhao had a way to do this, they would all go crazy.
The two looked at Zhao, not understanding why he was telling them this momentous thing. But then they saw how Green and Meg were watching them with a determined look, and although Zhao's face was covered by the veil of his black hat, they could feel that he was watching them as well.
Suddenly, Kun was able to figure it out, and he quickly said, "Please rest assured, Mister Zhao. No word of what we see or hear will leak from us. I guarantee this on the honor of the Markey clan." Laura quickly nodded, agreeing with what Kun had said.
Zhao smiled. "The two of you don't really need to make such an oath. To tell you the truth, although I can increase the level of an undead, it only works under precise conditions. It is simply impossible for others to learn how to do it."
Kun and Laura certainly didn't believe him, but they both nodded. After that, Laura waved at Nier and directed her to walk out of the room, then Laura turned to Zhao. "Today, we have bothered you, Mister Zhao, because I wanted to thank you for saving my life. So we prepared two small gifts. I hope that you will accept them."
Soon, Nier ran back in while holding two long boxes. One of them had a dark robe, which Laura took out. "Mister Zhao, this is a moonlight robe, which is a fairly decent equipment for a black mage." Having said that, she presented it to Zhao.
Zhao stood up, looked over the robe, and then he nodded. "Then I'll be polite, Miss Laura." He took the moonlight robe and gave it to Green to hold.
When Laura saw Zhao take the dark robe, she couldn't help but feel relieved. She then grabbed the other long box and gently opened it, revealing a magic staff. "Mister Zhao, this is a wind element magic staff, but because it has been soaked in the blood of a wind spirit beast, it can also strengthen black magic as well. I hope that you will accept this as well."
Zhao laughed. "Miss Laura sure is determined. To be honest, this staff is of no use to me, but my maid just so happens to be a wind mage. I have been searching for an appropriate magic staff for her, so Miss Laura's help has just come at the right time." He picked up the magic staff and gave it to Meg.
Laura didn't think that Zhao would give this staff straight to Meg, but she didn't say anything about it. After all, technically Zhao still accepted the magic staff.
Meg had a happy face as she held onto the wind magic staff. "Thank you, Master," she said to Zhao.
Zhao nodded, then he turned to Laura. "Since Miss Laura gave us these two gifts, of course I can also not be stingy. We should head into the dining room for lunch. Please follow me, Miss Laura, Mister Kun, and young lady." Having said that, he led the way.
Laura and Kun politely followed behind Zhao. Soon a few people arrived at the large dining room, where Meirin had prepared lunch.
When Meirin saw Zhao come in, she quickly smiled and said, "Master, the food is ready."
Zhao nodded, then he said, "Miss Laura, Mister Kun, young lady, please sit down. Here we're not like those big aristocracy where they are too many rules. We all sit together to eat."
Although Laura and Kun were a little against this curious practice, they didn't say anything. They both sat down along with Nier.
With Meg's help, Meirin brought out the meals for everyone. Today's food was very rich: roasted rabbit with some fire fish, and vegetables that had been produced by the space. Meirin went all out for this lunch.
Earlier, the Buda clan had a discussion which resulted in this meal to give Laura a taste of these vegetables, all in order to further their cooperation for the future.
Laura and Kun took note of the dishes on the table. In addition to the roasted rabbit meat, the fire fish, and the magic radishes, there were also some vegetables that they were unfamiliar with. Not only that, but the cooking method seemed to also be a little special.
Soon all the meals were served. These were very special dishes. Laura carefully looked over the table, but she found that she didn't know what cuisine this was.
Kun was also frowning at the dishes. To tell the truth, he considered himself very knowledgable, but the food on the table was something he had never seen before.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 119 - Cooperation (Part 1)
Kun shook his head, and Laura understood that he was saying he had never seen such dishes before, which made her feel even more curious.
Zhao saw the look on Laura's face and slightly chuckled. "Come, Miss Laura, Mister Kun, lady Nier. Try it. These are our specialties."
"Then I'll be polite," Laura said. "Honestly, this is the first time I have seen such big fire fish."
"Miss likes to eat fire fish, but we didn't expect that we could eat it here. Mister Zhao, do you have a lot of experience raising fire fish?" Kun asked.
Temptation!
Everyone knew what Kun was really asking for, but Zhao didn't get angry. In fact, he was waiting for them to give in to their temptation to ask. "Not really. We just came here for the hot springs. I like hot springs, so we stayed, and raised the fire fish as an afterthought. Unfortunately, the environment here stops us from raising a lot."
Not raising a lot? Kun and Laura couldn't help but recall the dense amount of fire fish they saw in the hot spring's ditch. There was a point where modesty could go too far.
Kun frowned. "Mister Zhao, may I take the liberty to ask, did you bring these fire fish from somewhere else? Because I remember the last time I came here to Stony Mountain, there were very few small fire fish in the hot springs, but now they're bigger and there are so much more. Even if you are raising fire fish, it would be impossible to raise that many in such a short time."
Laura knew why Kun was asking this. Zhao had only come to Stony Mountain not too long ago, so there was no way he could raise so many fire fish. The only explanation was that he must have brought them from elsewhere. But where? Maybe his answer would tell them where he came from.
Zhao shook his head. "I'm sorry, Mister Kun. It's a secret." It was clear that he refused to answer, like he was saying, I will not tell you and you will not find out.
At once, Kun said, "I'm sorry, Mister Zhao. I was being rude."
"Don't worry about it." Zhao waved it off, then he smiled, "Now try our vegetables before they go cold."
Laura and her group politely picked up their knives and forks, ready to taste the dishes on the table. Unlike them, Zhao wasn't a native of the Ark Continent, so he was using chopsticks since he wasn't used to knives and forks.
Ever since Meirin started learning how to make Chinese food, Zhao had been using chopsticks. Green and everyone else thought it was strange, but they didn't say anything about it.
Before, Green would tell Zhao not to do anything too strange since he was a noble, but now that Zhao had the space, Green would rarely say anything. Anyway, they lived in the Black Waste, so whether or not you acted like a noble, no one would see it.
These days, if Zhao acted too much like a noble, that would not be a good thing because it would make it easy to detect his true identity. Right now Zhao was supposed to be a black mage. In the Continent, black mages were a very special profession that was recognized as having some quirks. If a black mage acted too normal, no one would believe that he was a black mage.
Laura and her group noticed Zhao using chopsticks. It was made from a branch of an oil fruit tree, shaved down with a knife, and polished until its reddish brown wood became shiny and beautiful.
Zhao didn't take his hat off. This dark robe set was interesting because the veil of the hat could be adjusted, so you didn't need to bother to take it off when you wanted to eat.
Laura and Kun gave Zhao a puzzled look. They didn't know why he was eating this way. When Zhao saw the look on the two's faces, he laughed. "I'm sorry. Because of some special reasons, I do not want others to see my face."
Saying that was worse than giving no explanation. If Zhao hadn't said anything, Laura and Kun would just have assumed that eating with a veil was just another quirk of his. But thanks to what he said, Laura couldn't help but ask herself, why does Zhao not want others to see his face? Was he afraid of being recognized? Was he a wanted criminal in the Empire?
But Zhao gave no further explanation. After all, today was only the second time he had met Laura. So Zhao didn't say anything as he kept his head down and ate lunch.
Seeing as Zhao wasn't speaking, Laura and Kun focused on eating. Soon they didn't feel bored because the things they were eating really were delicious.
They had never tasted food like this before. It was completely different than what you could find on the Ark Continent.
Laura had high requirements when it comes to what she ate. Whether it was cooking methods or ingredients, she was very demanding.
Part of the Markey Company's business was selling vegetables and other types of food. Naturally, they must have the ability to assess the quality of vegetables. After all, the Markey Company's biggest customers weren't the commoners, but the nobility.
The most important thing to nobles when it came to food was that they must taste good. When Laura did any business related to food, usually she would personally taste it herself.
In the Continent, their cooking methods weren't really worth mentioning, but their quality of ingredients was high, otherwise there would be no distinction between ordinary vegetables and magic vegetables.
In addition to increasing magic power, magic vegetables also tasted a lot better than ordinary vegetables.
It was precisely because of this that Laura became very interested about the food on the table. Not only were the cooking methods good, but each dish also had high quality ingredients.
In the beginning, Laura didn't even want to try the dish that was made from magic radishes. In her opinion, magic radishes were the lowest level of magic vegetables, so she simply wasn't interested in eating it. But out of politeness, she ate one and found that it was the most delicious magic radish she ever had. The taste was pure and crisp. It was simply the best.
Laura couldn't help but feel taken aback. She tried all the other dishes and everything was delicious. The most important one was the fire fish. She had eaten fire fish before, so this dish shouldn't be more delicious than any of the other ones she had tried in the past, but it was. It was so good that she couldn't stop herself from eating two portions.
The atmosphere around the table was good with everyone thoroughly enjoying themselves.
Once lunch was over, they all went back into the living room. Meg and Meirin provided everyone with a cup of tea. It was then that Zhao turned to Laura and said, "Miss Laura, you know, if you hadn't come to me, I would have gone to see you."
Laura was surprised for a moment, not knowing why he would want to meet her, but then she quickly asked, "What can I do for you, Mister Zhao?"
"It's no big deal. Miss Laura might not see it, but my people are struggling, plus I'm a black mage so it's hard to earn money for my family. I want to ask if Miss Laura can help me with that."
Laura was surprised, not understanding what Zhao meant. Although the times she had been in contact with Zhao was short, she had imagined that he was a somewhat arrogant man. His pride was something that was deep in his bones. Such people weren't likely to open up to her about their lack of money, and would try to solve their problems by themselves. It was then that Laura immediately thought about the hot springs full of fire fish outside.
"What do you mean?" Laura asked. She was still not sure what Zhao's idea was.
"I want your cooperation in some business, Miss Laura. I don't know whether or not you are willing."
Laura's eyes were shining. "Are you talking about selling those fire fish?"
Zhao gave a slight chuckle. "No, the amount of fire fish is too little now. I can only sell about a hundred a month to you. What I'm talking about is another business: magic radishes."
"Magic radishes? Well, if you're planning to sell a lot, then that is no problem. We of the Markey Company could endure it." Laura was justified in saying this because magic radishes weren't precious things. She believed that if Zhao wasn't selling a lot of them, he wouldn't have wanted to meet her.
Zhao stared at Laura and said, "Miss Laura, I would like to know if you can endure how much magic radishes I'm going to sell per month. As for the quality of the magic radishes, you just have to taste it."
He placed a magic radish on the table.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 120 - Cooperation (Part 2)
-This chapter was sponsored by Noah (Wisconsin, US). Thanks!!!
Laura looked at the white magic radish. She didn't remember how many radishes she had seen before, but this was the first time she had seen such a high quality magic radish.
Kun was also giving this white magic radish a determined look, but what his heart really took note of was Zhao. With just a wave of his hand, Zhao made the magic radish appear. What did this mean? It meant that Zhao had some sort of spatial item.
Spatial items weren't something that ordinary people could have. Only a few large forces in the Continent had spatial items. For example, in the entire Markey clan, there was only one of these items, which was a spatial bag that the patriarch kept close to his body. Kun had heard that this bag contained a spatial area of one hundred cubic meters, which could be considered a lot of space.
Spatial items weren't just special equipment, it was also a sign of your superior status. You wouldn't be able to get a spatial item if you didn't have great strength. That was why Kun's heart couldn't help but feel surprised when Zhao pulled that magic radish out of nowhere. Because of this, Kun had confirmed his belief that Zhao certainly belonged to some kind of large underground force, otherwise he wouldn't have a spatial item.
Kun was now more determined about cooperating with Zhao. That was because he was very clear about their situation with the Markey clan. Although Kevin was the second heir to the clan, he simply didn't raise his own forces, so their position in the clan was small. They needed a powerful ally.
Laura picked up the magic radish off the table and carefully looked at it, then she put it back down. "Mister Zhao, do you have other magic radishes of this quality?"
Zhao smiled. "They're all the same, including the size. Please rest assured, Miss Laura. I want this to be a long-term cooperation, not just a one-shot business deal."
Laura suddenly stood up and bowed to Zhao. "I would like to thank Mister Zhao for trusting me with this proposal. You have now become an official ally of the Markey clan."
Zhao quickly stood up as well, and reached towards Laura. "No, in this case, an alliance with the Markey clan is impossible. What I was interested in was an alliance with you, Miss Laura."
Laura was surprised by what he said. In fact, although Laura told Zhao that he would have an alliance with the Markey clan, what she really wanted to do was ask him to form an alliance with her. However, she feared that Zhao would not go for this because her strength was too small. She really didn't think that Zhao would propose an alliance with her himself rather than form an alliance with the Markey clan.
This filled Laura with joy, but this also raised a wave of doubt in her heart. She looked at the magic radish on the table, which could be said was top quality. No matter who Zhao wanted to cooperate with in selling this radish, the other side would give him the best part of the deal. So why did Zhao choose them to work with?
"Why would Mister Zhao want to ally yourself with me? You should know that an alliance with the Markey clan would get you greater benefits," Laura said.
"I just want to do business with you, Miss Laura. I know you, but I don't know the Markey clan. I had even heard that their big stores would bully people. Even if your strength is smaller, if I cooperate with you, I wouldn't have to worry."
It was as Zhao said. He had a dense amount of fire fish outside. Although they might give him a lot of gold coins, they would also become the root of trouble. If Zhao were to cooperate with a large clan, it was likely he would only get bones that were hard to swallow.
Figuring this point out, Laura said, "Well, I will not do anything of that sort to you. From now on, I will be your staunchest ally. Please believe me."
Zhao smiled. "If I didn't believe you, Miss Laura, then we wouldn't be talking about this today. Now please give me a number on how many magic radishes you can endure per month."
Laura made a quick calculation. "I can't buy too much right now. We already have a store supplier that we have collaborated with for a long time, so I must make some preparations before we can work together. How about I send someone to pick up one jin of magic radishes three days later?"
"Only one jin?" Zhao frowned. That figure was too low, only the equivalent of five thousand catty.
Laura saw Zhao frowning, but she thought it was because he didn't have that much magic radishes. "Is this amount too large, Mister Zhao?"
Zhao had a wry smile on his face. "You misunderstand, Miss Laura. That number can't be considered large, it's too small an amount. I want to know how many magic radishes all of your stores buys per month."
Laura froze for a moment, then her eyes flashed. "If we're talking about all the stores I run in the Purcell Duchy, then we buy about four hundred thousand catty of magic radishes per month. If you can provide magic radishes with the same high quality as this one, then I will pay sixty copper coins per catty. Are you satisfied with this, Mister Zhao?"
Zhao nodded. "I'm very satisfied with this deal. I can assure you, Miss Laura, that if you need four hundred thousand catty per month, I can fully supply that amount, and each of the magic radishes will be the same high quality. Just make sure you have the money when you pick them up."
Laura looked shocked as she quickly asked, "Are you kidding, Mister Zhao? Four hundred thousand catty per month is not a small number."
"Rest assured, Miss Laura. I told you that this will be a long-term cooperation. I would not lie to you," Zhao said. "Four hundred thousand catty per month. Pick them up and pay me according to the price you had mentioned."
Laura had a look of excitement. "It's a deal. Three days later, I will send someone to pick up your magic radishes and give you the money."
Zhao smiled. "Don't be in such a hurry. In fact, there is another type of business I want to do with you. Miss Laura, do you also sell fruit oil?"
Although Laura was surprised, she nodded her head. "This is natural. Fruit oil is the Continent's most common commodity. It's always in great demand. Although you can't get much money per catty, the profits are not small. Is Mister Zhao also selling fruit oil?"
Zhao shook his head. "Not yet. This time I just want to ask Miss Laura a favor. Once you take the magic radishes, can you use some of the money to get me an oil press? I have a large number of oil fruits, but I have not yet been able to press them into oil."
Laura and Kun saw a glimmer of understanding in each other's eyes. There were very little areas in the Continent that was dedicated to growing oil fruit trees. Most oil fruits were gathered from the wild, and that was because of an absence of good land, which were generally controlled by some small elites. As for the nobility, they would not go into this kind of business because they would earn too little.
Zhao now said that he had a lot of oil fruits. Was he a small elite? Ah, no, if he was just a small elite, then he wouldn't have any spatial items.
Looking at the two, Zhao asked, "Will this be difficult, Miss Laura?"
Laura was startled, but then she recovered. "No, there will be no difficulties. Just tell me, what kind of oil press do you require? Wind, water, or animal?"
Zhao was surprised for a moment. He really didn't think that there were so many kinds of oil press. "What's the difference?"
"There's a big difference for oil extraction, Mister Zhao. If you have a spacious place, then wind-powered is the best. If you are near a river, then water-powered is the best. If you have neither, then you can only use an animal-powered oil press."
Zhao nodded, then he thought about the Black Waste. It was a very open place, so a wind oil press would work. There was also the moat with flowing water, so a water oil press was okay as well. And an animal oil press was also not a problem. He had so many undead that would never get tired and could work like machines. Any of the three appeared to be good selections.
But after thinking about it, Zhao overruled both the wind and water oil press. The Black Waste wasn't safe. You'd never know when there would be an outbreak of spirit beasts from the carrion swamp. The Iron Mountain castle still had no defensive capabilities. Even if they built a wind or water powered press, it would just be destroyed.
Figuring this out, Zhao turned to Laura and asked, "You understand these three kinds of oil press better than I do. Is an animal-powered oil press easy to handle?"
Laura didn't say anything this time, and instead she looked at Kun. Obviously, he knew more about these kinds of things than her. "Out of the three, the best oil press is the one powered by water. Wind is almost as good. But the oil press powered by animals is the worst. That is because you can get large volumes of oil from a wind or water powered oil press, and only small volumes from an animal-powered one. However, they are more suitable for handling and transport," Kun politely said.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 121 - Cooperation (Part 3)
-This chapter was sponsored by Robert (US) and Anonymous. Thanks!!!
Zhao nodded. "Mister Kun, do you know how much oil I could get per day from an animal oil press?"
"Generally, this machine would produce about one jin of oil per day, but of course, you could only reach that yield if it works around the clock."
"This amount of oil is not low. Do you know the price of this kind of oil press?"
Right away, Kun said, "The price is not expensive. Only one hundred gold coins. Its main function is to press nut oil or fruit oil, so it’s very cheap. If it was too expensive, no one would buy it."
Zhao understood, then he turned to Laura and asked, "Miss Laura, when you pick up the magic radishes, please bring me five animal oil presses. Is this convenient?"
Laura nodded. "Yes, it won't be any trouble. Please rest assured, Mister Zhao. I will have five of these machines ready for you."
"Miss Laura is too kind. Just deduct the money from the magic radishes to buy the five oil presses," Zhao said. "Now that we are allies cooperating with each other, if I really have what it takes to help Miss Laura, then I will do it."
"Thank you, Mister Zhao. Please rest assured that after three days, I will ensure that there will be an on-time delivery."
Zhao smiled, then he turned to Green. "I suppose I should give Miss Laura a small gift. Go get some fire fish ready for her for when she leaves." Then he faced Laura again. "I see that you like fire fish. I don't have a lot, but I will give you several of them, Miss Laura. I hope you will take it."
Laura didn't want to put him off, even though a few fire fish was worth a lot of money. If she was too polite, then she would appear hypocritical. "Thank you, Mister Zhao. To be honest, I really do like eating fire fish. They are very delicious."
"You're welcome, Miss Laura." Zhao smiled, then he said, "Before you go, I do want to ask one more thing. Are you in the market for blue-eyed rabbits?"
Although Laura was surprised, she immediately remembered that some time ago, Zhao had bought three hundred blue-eyed rabbits. She couldn't help but frown. "I really have not done any business with blue-eyed rabbits, but I do have some contacts with several meat processing plants. I can ask for you, Mister Zhao."
Zhao nodded. "Sorry to trouble you, Miss Laura. I'm trying out a breeding program that would help me raise enough animals so that even ordinary people would be able to afford meat, such as blue-eyed rabbits, long-haired pigs, scaleless fish and the like. But for now, I only have blue-eyed rabbits, so that's what I want Miss Laura to focus on."
"That's not a problem. I'll immediately tell my contacts about it. It seems that Mister Zhao's operation contains a variety of things. The Markey Company will now have to increase their number of projects."
In the Ark Continent, there were a lot of meat processing plants. They would make things like cooked meats or canned foods. If it was some kind of special cooked meat, then only the nobles would be able to afford it. As for the canned goods, they were usually eaten by commoners, and a large amount of it was supplied to the army.
Laura had done some business with these meat processing plants. Her stores would sell canned foods and cooked meats, so naturally she would know some people from these plants.
"That would be best," Zhao said. "After you're able to sell a number of my goods, I'm sure there will be more and more opportunities for us to cooperate."
Laura smiled. "That is certain, Mister Zhao. But I still have a question I want to ask you. Today, you invited us to eat, but can you tell me what were the ingredients in those dishes, because I have never seen them before."
Zhao knew why Laura asked that question. "Those are just some new varieties of magic vegetables. They are unique, and can only be found in other parts of the Continent. To be honest, in addition to being a mage, I also have a strong interest in studying various plants. Those vegetables were combined with some plants that could be found in the wild, and from my research I was able to create new varieties. However, their yields are too low, so there is no way for me to cooperate with Miss Laura in selling them."
Zhao was now misappropriating those vegetables from Earth. They had never been seen in the Continent before, so if he were to suddenly sell a large amount of them, it would be very difficult. Only after he established a stable income would Zhao slowly introduce these vegetables to everyone.
Laura nodded, but then she said, "Can you at least give me a small amount of those vegetables, Mister Zhao? I would like to taste them."
"That is no problem. Three days later, when you send someone here to pick up the magic radishes, I will have some of those vegetables ready for you."
Just then, Green came in from outside and bowed to Zhao. "Mister Zhao, the fire fish are ready. There's twenty of them."
Zhao just gently nodded his head, then he turned to Laura. "It's getting late. I will not hold you any longer, Miss Laura. Just remember what you promised in three days."
Laura and her group stood up. "Yes, it's a deal. Please rest assured, Mister Zhao."
Having finished their meeting, they walked outside. Zhao escorted Laura and the rest of her people as far as the manor's door, then Green, while riding Alien, led them down the mountain. Once Laura was gone, they returned to the living room.
Zhao soon removed his black mage outfit, and once Green came back, he also took off his helmet and threw it to the side. "Master, this time we were only able to sell a small amount of radishes to Laura. This will leave a great gap in our funding."
"Yes, I know, but now we can't rush. Once people know about the quality of our radishes, there will soon be more orders. There's no need to be anxious. For now, we still have over one thousand gold coins. Grandpa Green, take a trip to Casa city. First, I want you to buy some books about animals and plants on the Continent, second, buy some plants that might be useful, and third, pay attention to the slave trade. In the future, if we want to develop our clan, we're going to need a large number of slaves."
Green nodded, then he said, "Master, what about the mines in the Iron Mountain? Don't you think it's time we should raise some blue-eyed rabbits there?"
"You can, but I want to wait until after we get the oil press. Once we extract the fruit oil, we'll be able to give the blue-eyed rabbits something else to eat. Plus, I want Meirin to search the underground lake to check if there are any spirit beasts. If there are no spirit beasts, we can buy some scaleless fish to raise."
"Then, after the oil press is installed, I will go to Casa city," Green said.
Zhao nodded. "Okay. Today has been very productive. As long as we cooperate with Laura, we'll have a steady stream of income. Currently, our income might not be high, but it's enough for us to use. We don't need to be too assertive yet."
Green's eyes were shining as he nodded as well. "With the production of fruit oil and the meat from the spatial ranch, we will be able to increase our revenues. Then we can buy some more slaves for our clan and slowly develop."
"Ah, yes, but we can't be anxious about it. If we move too fast, there will just be flaws, which will just bring more trouble. In fact, our biggest problem isn't how fast the clan develops, it's the carrion swamp. That matter has not yet been resolved. I will have to check on Drunk's progress soon."
Green didn't speak because he knew that Zhao was right. If the problem with the carrion swamp had not yet been resolved, then an outbreak of spirit beasts would ruin everything.
Although Zhao had the space, there was a limit. Right now the ranch could only raise a maximum of one thousand animals and the farm only had a little over ten acres of land. This wasn't a problem for growing enough radishes and oil fruits, but it would make it more troublesome to grow other crops.
In the future, they would have to focus on developing outside the space. But with the threat from the carrion swamp, that would be difficult.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 122 - Unfathomable
Laura, Kun, and Nier were sitting in the carriage as they went down Stony Mountain. They weren't talking.
A moment later, Laura opened the window and saw Sergio who was riding next to the carriage. "Sergio, have you eaten yet?"
Sergio was surprised, not knowing what Laura meant. Although he was her chief guard, Laura had never before cared about whether or not he had eaten. But since she asked, he immediately nodded. "Yes, Miss, back there."
"What did you eat?"
Again, Sergio couldn't help but feel surprised. "Mister Zhao ordered the undead to send us food. There was pie, rabbits, and some vegetables I had never seen before."
"How did it taste?"
"It tasted good. There were a lot of meat and vegetables. The magic in the vegetables were very strong. As for the dish with the magic radishes, its magic was several times stronger than the ones we sell in our store."
Laura nodded, then she left the window and looked towards Kun. "Grandpa Kun, what do you think?"
"It's unfathomable. Zhao must be someone with a lot of influence. He's probably the spokesman for the big force that's supporting him. But what's strange is that the large forces in the Continent usually have their own distribution network. So why did they specifically come to us?" Kun shook his head, but then he answered his own question, "No, although we have some enemies from the heirs in our clan, we can't be considered Zhao's real enemy. After all, our strength is too small. Compared to the entire Markey clan, we can't be regarded as a threat. That must have been within their calculations. Since Zhao is able to raise so much fire fish, he must have wanted to work with someone that wouldn't take that much effort to destroy, in case they might become an enemy that would covet what he has."
Laura nodded. "Ah, yes, from Zhao's words, you could tell that his territory isn’t small since it could produce so many things, like oil and fire fish. I can't really think of a place in the Continent that could raise that much fire fish. Even if there was such a territory that could do that, why would Zhao want to cooperate with us?"
Kun was frowning. “I really can not say. He said that he was researching plants, which doesn't seem fake. If he wasn't studying plants, then it would be impossible for him to come up with magic radish seeds of that quality, and vegetables that I had never seen before. Did you notice it when we ate today? Even his servants were eating the fire fish. Apparently, in their eyes, fire fish aren't rare. The only ordinary thing there was the meat from the blue-eyed rabbits, which he had bought from Casa city."
Again, Laura nodded. "When I said that he would become an ally of the Markey clan, he was unwilling, and that he would only form an alliance with us. That's not the only thing that's strange. Supposedly, if there was a black mage that powerful, he should have been well-known among the important figures in the Continent, yet I had never heard of him before. Oddly enough, at his side he has a high level warrior, a maid that is also a mage that is not of a low level, and a very powerful undead light mage. This man has too many secrets, right?"
“Indeed, there must be a reason why Zhao has an eighth level warrior by his side. If I fought against him one on one, I'm afraid I can't tell if I would win or lose. Not only that, his maid is at least a sixth level mage, and at such a young age. She definitely has a lot of magical potential. Even his cook is a high level mage. With those types of servants, and the power to summon more than a thousand undead, Zhao's strength certainly is not small," Kun said.
"Anyway, it now appears that Zhao doesn't mean to do anything with us other than conduct business. If he really can provide such high quality magic radishes, then that's very good for us, just as long as we are careful. After all, we don't want him as enemy. We need a powerful ally."
Kun nodded. "Yes, we have to be careful. I suspect that Zhao has a shady identity. He isn't just a simple black mage. Even when he eats, he wouldn't lift up his veil. It must be because he's afraid of his face being seen."
Laura smiled slightly. "But whatever his true identity is, it doesn't matter, just as long as there is no hostility."
"Miss is right. No matter who he is, as long as he isn't hostile to us, we can cooperate with him. But we must still pay attention to this man. Getting so many fire fish to Stony Mountain is not an easy task, yet he was able to do it so that those who were watching him were totally unaware. This in itself showed his strength since he was able to get a spatial item. Not only that, but he also clearly knew our whereabouts. It seems that he could be arranging for someone to watch us, making sure that we don't leak anything. We must be careful."
"Don't worry, Grandpa Kun. I know what I'm doing. As long as we don't try to fight him, he will maintain his cooperation with us. It'll be fine. You might not see it, but Mister Zhao is a good man."
Kun started smiling. "Is that so? Oh, I think that he took a fancy to you, Miss, otherwise why would he want to cooperate with us?"
Laura blushed. "What nonsense are you speaking, Grandpa Kun?"
Kun couldn't help but laugh, which made Laura's face turn even more red. Laura had a good impression of Zhao. After all, he was kind enough to help her, yet he was also so mysterious. In addition to feeling gratitude, Laura also felt a hint of curiosity. When a woman was curious about a man, it wouldn't be long until her heart falls.
Laura had made up her mind to keep up their cooperation with Zhao. The strength he had exhibited was not weak, and was comparable to a large clan. That was why she dared to cooperate with him.
At this time, Zhao was preparing a few large empty rooms in the castle to later put in the oil presses. Also, the mines were getting tidied up to get ready for the blue-eyed rabbits, and Meirin was looking if there were any water spirit beasts in the underground lake.
The reason why Zhao didn't order this to be done before was because he had almost no money, but now he had forged an alliance with Laura and was about to get some funding three days later. Although it wasn't as much as he would like, it could still be considered a stable income, and he believed that later this income would just grow more and more.
When they had returned to Iron Mountain in the afternoon, they could see that the slaves hadn't been idle. The castle was slowly getting repaired, while the female slaves were planting alfalfa seeds and oil fruit trees throughout the mountain. Of course, they couldn't finish in such a short time because they also had to do some weeding.
The moment Zhao came back, he immediately arranged for someone to clean the large rooms outside the main parts of the castle. These rooms were like warehouses used for storage. For a long time, no one had lived in them, but now they were getting them ready to put in the oil presses.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 123 - Crystal Horn Worms
-This chapter was sponsored by Cedric (from Canada) and Jere (from a place called Uusimaa, which I had never heard of before. You learn something new everyday). Thanks!!!
Zhao found that preparing a place to extract oil wasn't as simple as he thought. It wasn't just installing an oil press, there were also other different steps to take.
First, he needed a place to wash the oil fruits. You must get the oil fruits clean, otherwise the peeled fruits would only produce crude oil, affecting its overall quality. Second, keeping the oil press running required manpower, and in this case he would instead use his undead. And third, he needed to prepare a container, like a barrel or a metal drum. After all, they couldn't just allow the oil to drip on the ground.
The amount of oil he was planning to make was not a small number, so he would need to to prepare a lot of these containers. However, Zhao simply didn't have any carpenters to make the casks for the barrels, nor did he have the money to buy the metal drums because the price was too high.
Thus, without enough money, Zhao didn't know what to do. Even if he wanted to hurry their development, it would be impossible.
Now Zhao's only recourse was to wait until after they get their oil presses, then he would look around Casa city to see how much barrels cost, and then buy some.
Although he currently had funding problems, that didn't stop him from organizing the large rooms to get ready for the arrival of the oil presses.
After ordering the slaves to clean the rooms, Zhao and Meirin left the castle to go to the underground lake. Although there were no fish in the lake, probably because of the toxins from the creatures of the carrion swamp, that didn't rule out that there wasn't a powerful water spirit beast. If they started raising scaleless fish in the lake, that would be the same as feeding that spirit beast, so for extra insurance, Zhao decided to bring Meirin to the lake to determine that there were absolutely no spirit beasts.
Meg and Green were also following along. If they did find a strong water spirit beast in the underground lake, then their help might be needed to deal with it.
Although they had previously checked the lake, this time they were going to be more careful.
Fortunately, there seemed to be no water spirit beasts in the lake. It appeared that the toxins from the undead spirit beasts were too strong, now there was no life in the underground lake.
However, Zhao still worried, so he sent one of his undead down there to check out the lake himself. Soon he received news from his undead. It had found an inlet that was blocked. This inlet was supposed to be a hole dug by the dwarves so that a source of water could flow in to fill this underground lake, but now something was blocking it. He had to see it for himself, so Zhao opened up a screen, allowing him to see what his undead was seeing.
Looking around underwater, he found some kind of coral-like thing.
Zhao was surprised by this. He didn't understand why something like coral would be in this lake. He remembered that this stuff would generally be found in the sea, so why was it in this place?
Unfortunately, the inlet was too far away to see it clearly, so Zhao directed the undead to get closer to it. Meirin was also watching the screen along with Zhao, and when the undead got close enough, they saw how huge the inlet was. It was ten meters high and twenty meters wide, and it was completely blocked by this false coral-like thing, which looked like it was made from blue crystals. It was very beautiful.
When Meirin saw it, she understood. "It turns out to be crystal horn worms. Only this thing could fool my search and survive in this place."
Zhao looked puzzled. "Grandma Meirin, what are crystal horn worms?"
Meirin smiled. "Crystal horn worms are very special aquatic organisms. Individually, they are so small that magical detection simply can not find them. No one knows how they can survive in water, all they know is that they secrete some kind of magic crystal. These crystals are so hard that it would be difficult for fifth level warriors to cut it with a sword. As for these insects themselves, they have no attack power, yet they can survive in any water environment up to a certain depth. Also, they're not afraid of poison. There are some alchemists that would try to collect these insects to make antidotes."
When he heard what Meirin said, Zhao thought that not only did these crystal horn worms evolve to survive in any water environment, they were also unafraid of poison. No wonder they were still alive in this underground lake.
Looking at this coral blocking any water from escaping, Zhao couldn't help but nod his head. "This is good. It'll save us a lot of trouble when he put in some fish."
Meirin smiled. "Not only that, but these crystals secreted by the crystal horn worms also have other uses. Aristocratic families generally like this stuff because of how beautiful they are, and when you place them in a room, they can usually prevent magical poison attacks. Even if someone wanted to poison you, this crystal has a feature that could warn you if there are any toxins within a five meter range. A lot of noble clans will pay a high price for these crystals.  We have so many in this lake that if Master wants to sell them, we can make a lot of money."
"Well, let them stay in the lake for now. It's not like they can run away," Zhao said.
Meirin gave no opinion about the matter. That was because she knew there was an advantage of keeping the crystal horn worms in the lake. If they were to add in some fish, the fish would rarely get sick and would have a high survival rate. But there was no need to tell Zhao this because he had the space, which would already give the fish a one hundred percent survival rate.
Since Zhao decided to not dig out these crystals, this was also good. After all, they were planning to raise fish at a large scale, which would have been impossible in Zhao's space. Only this lake would be able to fit all of them.
Once they were done, Zhao felt relieved because now he knew they could start raising scaleless fish without any trouble.
Back at the castle, Zhao and Green looked over several of the large warehouses where they were going to install the oil presses. Seeing as they were all clean and ready, it was time to return to Stony Mountain.
For the next three days, Zhao had been waiting in the manor for Laura to send someone to pick up the magic radishes. In this time, he was able to grow and harvest nine batches of radishes and two batches of oil fruits.
In addition, Zhao now had one thousand mature rabbits and seven thousand rabbit cubs. As for the scaled wildebeests, he stored them away because he was now focusing on only raising the blue-eyed rabbits. That was because the meat from these wildebeests were rough and tasteless. They were only good as pack animals.
Also in this three day period, Zhao had made some good progress with the land transformation in the valley of Iron Mountain. Someday, he might send some slaves there to build a small village so that they could be relatively independent.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






Chapter 124 - Oil Press
In addition to the space, the valley in Iron Mountain could also be used as a rear base.
The land there was very stable, and was surrounded by cliffs that could block the wind. Plus, finding water wasn't very difficult. It was very convenient, and was suitable for human habitation.
Zhao believed that in the future he would have more and more people. As long as he had the strength, he could build a small duchy in the Black Waste. Naturally, the people who came here would want to establish and live in their own villages.
Of course, right now Zhao didn't have the strength to do that. The village he was planning to build in the valley was going to be a prototype to see what issues needed improving. This would help him build bigger villages later.
But the land improvement in the valley had not been completed yet. It was not the time to establish a village. For now, it was just an idea.
Three days quickly passed. They were just waiting for Laura to send the oil presses, then Green could go to Casa city.
At noon on the third day, people from the Markey clan arrived at the foot of Stony Mountain. This time Laura didn't come with them. Green came forward with five carriages full of magic radishes in exchange for the oil presses that Laura's people had brought.
In addition to the five oil presses, Green was also given two hundred gold coins and a book. This book was an encyclopedia of animals and plants on the Continent that was written by a refining pharmacist. It was Laura's gift to Zhao.
Last time they met, Zhao said that he was researching plants and he was preparing to open a ranch.  Laura didn't want to lose this opportunity, so she bought him a book, to solidify her alliance with Zhao.
These kinds of books were rare on the Continent. Whenever a refining pharmacist wrote a book, it would often take him twenty years. He would collect a lot of plants and animals on the Continent, then he would visit a lot of other refining pharmacists and alchemists and learn from them, and then he would research it all. And finally, he would write the book.
Because this book wasn't about magic, not many of it were published. Generally, only refining pharmacists or alchemists would read it.
As well as the magic radishes, Zhao was also giving Laura one hundred and ten fire fish. This was Zhao's gift to her.
The oil presses were exchanged for the magic radishes. It was a good thing that the five carriages were able to hold the five oil presses, allowing Green to pull them up the mountain. Once he was up there, Green didn't unload the carriages, and instead Zhao brought them into the space.
Beyond Zhao's expectations, there was also a manual telling you how to arrange the oil presses. He felt very puzzled by this because he understood the situation of the Ark Continent. That is to say, their science was mostly focused on things like mixing drugs in alchemy. They weren't exactly a civilization that had a lot of machine technology. Yet the design of the oil press was very precise.
The oil presses went directly to the Iron Mountain castle where they were packed into the warehouses.
They were very well designed. The oil presses were three meters high, with a drum container at the top where you would feed in the oil fruits, a disc in the middle with long poles sticking out that could be pulled by spirit beasts, and a pipe at the bottom which would be the outlet for the oil.
It all looked simple, but with a machine that had the size of twenty square meters overall, it wasn't exactly small. Good thing it could be dismantled into several parts, otherwise they wouldn't have been able to fit inside the carriages.
Zhao saw how high the feed container was off the ground. If you wanted to feed it with oil fruits, there were only two ways. The first way was to form boards into a slope shape to give the feed container a better opening to catch whatever you put in. The other way was to use a conveyor belt.
The conveyor belt method was the easier way. You just load the belt with oil fruits and they would automatically go through the opening of the container. The oil press didn't have a conveyor belt design, so Zhao feared that there was no such thing on the Continent.
The board method was what was widely used on the Continent. People would just dig a pit in the ground and then they would put the oil press in that pit, so then the feed container would be closer to the ground. Any oil that was extracted would be brought up in barrels. Zhao didn't want to use this method because it wasn't an easy task to dig around here. The ground in the castle was all made up of stone.
Zhao still wanted to use the conveyor belt method because it wouldn't be difficult to do. It just needed some renovations. Fortunately, the whole press was made of metal, so to change it they just needed some metal parts.
But the next question was where would Zhao get a blacksmith? If he really wanted a conveyor belt, he would need a blacksmith to do the job, and his skills couldn’t be too weak.
Zhao wanted to ask Green if he knew. In the Continent, there were a lot of machines built by blacksmiths, and some of them were powered by magic crystals. But since the oil press was just a simple machine that squeezed out fruit oil, it wasn't worthy of using magic crystals as a power source because it wasn't worth the money. So simple machines like the oil press were generally designed to be powered by water, wind, or animals.
Since there was no way to build the conveyor belt, they could only use the board method. They didn't lack any boards, but Green still needed to go buy some barrels.
Green was aware of their situation, so he immediately set off to Casa city, while Zhao got some boards from the castle. They were also getting ready to wash the oil fruits. Fortunately, water was conveniently nearby, just outside the castle. Zhao told Ann to build a stone basin where water would keep flowing in, allowing them to wash the little hairs off the oil fruits. These little hairs, which could also become food for the fish, would flow out into the moat.
Once the oil fruits were washed, they would be transported back inside the castle, ready to be pressed.
Zhao calculated that to work the press, including cleaning the oil fruits, he would need a minimum of four people. Since there were five oil presses, twenty people were needed.
Zhao had no lack of manpower, but he didn't want any of the slaves to do the work. That was because he wanted the oil presses to keep running twenty-four hours a day, which would require at least three shifts. If he were to use the slaves, that would mean he would have to use sixty people in order to maintain normal operations. But since Zhao only had one hundred slaves, a reduction of sixty of them just to run the oil press was clearly impossible. So he decided to use his undead to run the oil press.
Twenty people were needed to feed the oil fruits to the oil press, but he also needed some animal power to pull the poles to extract the oil. Zhao was thinking of using the scaled wildebeests.
Zhao wanted to use the scaled wildebeests because his undead were not suitable for the pulling part of this job. Their driving force wasn't the same since some of his undead, like Alien, were a different size and shape to some of his other undead, like the rat-like undead. There was no way for them to do the pulling on the oil press in a stable way.
As for his scaled wildebeests, although they weren't much, they were good enough for the job. Zhao's intention was to turn them into undead, and thus the problem was solved.
Now everything was almost ready. They just had to wait for Green to come back to buy the rest of the things they needed.
Starting a pressing factory wasn't a trivial matter. As long as they could make some oil, they would have another source of income, which for the Buda clan was really important.
A) If they only got two hundred gold coins, and each oil press was worth one hundred gold coins, that would mean they would have gotten an income of seven hundred gold coins. Yet they said that they were selling the radishes at sixty copper coins per catty, and they were selling an initial five thousand catty (one jin) of radishes. So how the fudge did they arrive at a number of seven hundred gold coins? (Also, I just realized that this web novel never mentioned how much copper coins is worth one gold coin)
B) I understand the conveyor belt method, but I don't understand what the hell is this board method Zhao keeps talking about? All that is mentioned is using boards to make some sort of slope shape or something, and digging a pit in the ground and putting the oil press in that pit. What does that mean? How would they get the oil out if the outlet is at the bottom of that pit? I don't understand anything!
C) Why was Zhao thinking of using scaled wildebeests at all? I'm still not completely sure why his other undead won't work. I mean he's planning to kill his scaled wildebeests to turn them into undead! That's just wrong to me. In my opinion, it's okay to turn your enemies into undead, but not your farm animals. Was there a reason that I missed? Have I gone insane? Definitely, because I don't understand a single thing in this chapter! I probably just mistranslated everything, so please take it with a jupiter-size grain of salt.
Prev Chap | Next Chap






